---
title: "Monday.com CEO on Is SaaS Dead: Will Everything Be Vibe Coded | Eran Zinman"
people_mentioned: ["Aaron Zinman", "Uh Monday"]
channel: "20VC with Harry Stebbings"
video_id: "zjcYlEiwnKI"
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjcYlEiwnKI"
publish_date: 2026-03-02
duration: "1:14:17"
word_count: 13846
content_type: "interview"
delivery_mode: "technique"
broad_category: "saas-startups"
subcategories: ["saas-growth", "founder-ops"]
series_name: "20VC with Harry Stebbings"
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Aaron Zinman"
host_names: ["20VC with Harry Stebbings"]
interviewer_names: ["20VC with Harry Stebbings"]
interviewee_profiles: ["Aaron Zinman - Salesforce"]
speaker_profiles: []
organizations_mentioned: ["20VC with Harry Stebbings"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: []
companies_mentioned: ["Salesforce"]
topics: ["saas-growth", "founder-ops", "ai-coding"]
tags: []
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (13846 words)</summary>

Some days I feel like I was ran over by a truck, hit by a plane, and barbecued, and it's just 11:00 a.m. What the market is saying to me is the company is worth zero. Okay, fine. Now I need to build. Screw it. I'm going to go all in. The SAS apocalypse is real, and no one has felt it more than monday.com. With close to 1.3 billion in revenue, they're valued today at just $3.9 billion in the public market. Today, we sit down with Aaron Zinman. Nobody will want to buy software that not doing the majority of the work for them. We're changing everything. It's the biggest pivot moment for us in the history of the company. The TAM of software, how much companies are going to spend on software is going to be 100x from what it is today. >> Ready to go. Arran, it is so good to have you on the show, dude. I have been wanting to do this one for a while. So, thank you so much for joining me. >> Thanks for having me, Harry. It's great to be here again. And >> by the way, if anyone is listening, you should be watching cuz Iran looks younger than he did last time. It's extraordinary the volume that your hair has today, dude. But I wanted to start. You're like, "This is not how I expected the show to go." Uh, clearly we we are lacking incredible discipline in our research. Um I wanted to start on communication actually because we see stock price respectfully in the dumps but actual kind of fundamentals maybe are different. So what is the stock market not seeing that you think they should be seeing? >> Yeah. So first of all I want to acknowledge it's a kind of a crazy period I think for all of us especially you know us as founders going through this uh you know massive change in the market. Uh so it's definitely not easy. I I I'll give you that. Uh definitely uh it feels like a roller coaster almost every day you know uh um you know some days are extremely difficult uh but it's definitely quite a journey. I think fundamentally we need to distinguish between what happens in businesses which is one thing and the sentiment change that happened I would say in the last year and a half but more precisely in the last 6 months which from my perspective it felt you know very aggressive very powerful um you know on one hand like if you look at the earning calls and how business operate everything is is kind of normal uh some companies are even exceeded expectations and businesses are working great but at the same time the sentiment have shifted drastically like I've never seen before uh sorry from at least from my perspective um and the negativity that now it's being attached to software companies and it seems like every day there's a new doomsday scenario a new tweet um so the the sentiment definitely changed by the way there's some a lot a lot of truth to that and and a lot of things I do understand uh from the investor perspective so I'm not dismissing it but uh it definitely we need to distinguish between the operation of businesses and the sentiment change that happen in the market. >> I think a realization that the public markets and a lot of people are having is wow if we see a gentic evolution in the way that we think it will happen and proliferate then there are core systems potentially like a Monday like a salesforce which bluntly are never used again and just turn into databases if anything which agents crawl on top of. Why does Monday not become a layer that gets abstracted away? >> Yeah. So, so first of all, I think there's like u five doomsday scenarios I'm familiar with. So, that's one of them. Uh but you know, I'll just take you back a little bit in time. But, uh first of all, it was everything about uh people will vive code their own apps. That was one of them. Uh another uh um you know uh option for doomday scenario was that uh some players like you know entropic or open AAI or Gemini will capture you know all the value uh from enterprise software. I think that's another scenario people are talking about. And the third one uh is maybe what you refer to as um you know um a platform becoming essentially system of records uh and then other companies capturing the entire uh value uh that those companies offer. So I don't mind going through each one of them if you want. I can address each one of them. >> I love the way I suggested one of them and you're like well actually here's three more. Well, I can come up with additional three ones if if you want. >> No, dude. I I I would love to. Let's start on the one that's actually, you know, you mentioned at the beginning, vibe coding. It was a journalist actually. I can't remember what American channel it was, CNN, CNBC or one of the acronyms that, you know, American has um where she vibe coded her own Monday in a couple of hours or whatever. Why will people not vibe cone their own Monday? >> Yeah. So uh first of all from my personal perspective uh I was after a long day of work. I was about to go to sleep. Uh suddenly I got a lot of messages on my phone saying that uh uh we were broadcasted live on CNBC and um you know from all the software in the world that journalist uh picked Monday. So uh to show uh that you can vibe code the software. Uh obviously she could pick any software on the planet but uh you know initially uh I said you know it's a compliment. Uh Monday is beautiful software. So I felt uh it was a compliment she uh she's done it to Monday. Uh but at the you know she could have done it for Salesforce or service now or she could even create like a search engine or a social network at the same time. So um so again like it's it's a matter of perspective I guess going back to the vibe coding um theory in general. Look first of all I have to say vibe coding is amazing. Uh I've been coding all my life since I was a kid and seeing this amazing technology uh become real is unbelievable. Uh but I think there's a big difference between vibe coding a user interface and building an actual software that works across organization with all the depth and and functionality that built into that. There's a big difference. You know I've been coding all my life and I know how you know relatively easy it is to create an interface and how hard it is to build the software. Uh so I think there's a big difference and I think some people might get confused by that. >> Also I think that >> I completely understand that on the enterprise end but on the consumer and SMB end for that journalist for an investor in a fund does it not just cannibalize your consumer and SMB business? >> Yeah I look I said every each one of those theories I think it has some truth to that but I think it's marginal. I think it's a very small impact if any. Uh I think you know going back uh to the topic itself think I think people underestimate how hard it is to maintain software over time. I think it's it's very easy to create the first increment of a software but to change it adopt it over time. Uh it takes a lot of effort and a lot of dedication to do that. And at the end of the day from my perspective businesses have a core business operation they need to focus on. If you think about a software today is a very small expense for most companies and um you know having a dedicated person or a team vibe coding some apps is a huge cost. So I think in the end of the day vip coding is amazing technology but I don't think it's going to disrupt um software companies. Um I'll give you another point of data which I think is relevant. You know, you can see amazing uh VCs like yourself and other people in the industry and amazing founders building companies. If you could vibe code, you know, any company in any startup, no company will have value. Not in history and not today. And still people invest billions into new companies, new startups, entrepreneurs build new startups. You know, I've I've read amazing news about RAMP raising at 30 billion. Uh Harvey, Legora, uh companies you talked about. You know, you can argue you can vype code them as well, but still the smartest people >> but but but you couldn't actually. And so when you actually look at like a a Lorra or a Harvey, they are trained on a huge amount of legal data which they have gained in the last two years from doing what they do. And so you couldn't vibe code with the same quality output that you could if you would have vibe code Monday as a consumer. No, actually I don't think so because at the end of the day those companies it's true that over time they accumulate data and information but I can argue you can probably get the vast majority of the value even without that specific training. So I think at the end of the day you can argue you can v code any company. What I'm trying to say basically is that as much as I think the technology is awesome we have our own vibe coding capability within the product from all the theories of how software is going to be disrupted. This is my least favorite one. I don't think it's going to happen. And I think, you know, most investors that I speak with and people within the industry don't think that's uh what's actually behind what's impacting uh stocks and software companies today. So again, it can marginally have some impact, but I don't think that's the majority of what we've seen in the market. Uh >> I completely agree with you on enterprise. The idea that enterprises will is a wonderful uh sadly enterprises don't work like that otherwise I would be much richer if their buying decisions were so much quicker. Um the the second one you mentioned was that we're going to see open AI, Anthropic, Gemini kind of the model companies move into the application layer. We've seen Anthropic do co-work. We've seen Anthropic do legal. [ __ ] Dario. He just killed my crowd strike over the weekend. Thanks Dario. Cheers. um why why are they not going to move into the application layer so much more aggressively? >> Yeah. So so again I think there's obviously some truth to that and they might capture some of the value but I I think people overestimate uh how much they're going to capture. I I want to take you back in history. Uh you know, I'm old enough to remember when uh AWS uh built uh when Amazon built AWS and everybody um back then said that Amazon is going to capture all uh enterprise software value because before that um the hardest part about building a company was actually getting the servers up and running, the website working, storage, uh having like 24/7 availability. That was the hard part. That was the heavy lifting. I remember how people got excited when you got a website online. And when AWS came out and it was so easy now to build a website, everybody said Amazon is going to capture all the enterprise value because it's just so close to the value they offer. What really happened is the exact opposite. uh we saw a boom of companies building on top of Amazon and software became you know was growing exponentially because at the end of the day I'm not saying entropic or open AI are not capable of building enterprise software I'm saying the opportunity they have as being the infrastructure of you know the LLMs of the future is so massive and going after enterprise offering is a whole different business to build because at the end of the day when you sell to companies it's a different sales sales process. It's a different mechanism. Uh nobody's going to buy software for the entire organization uh based on purely PLG play and the way they're going to adopt they want to be handheld. Uh especially if you want to use a software across the organization. So I'm not saying people will not use entropic and open eye for sure they will but I don't think they're going to capture all the enterprise value because they have a much bigger opportunity ahead of them and it's not their focus and no company on earth with AI or without can do everything. Uh I don't believe in one player being the uh one software to run everything in the organization or at all. So I don't see this uh plays out. >> I think that's probably the weakest one. I totally agree with you. I when you look at open air or sorry anthropic moving into security it's a very weak argument to suggest that replaces crowd strike or paloalto networks. So I I completely align with you on that actually. The third one is is a tough one I think which is like how you embrace an agentic future and does it make you a database and not an interaction platform as well. >> How do you take that one? >> So it's a tough one because it's true. Uh that's why it's tough because it's true. That's I I believe with that with all my heart. Basically the way I look at it is that uh if you think about it very broadly software as we know it haven't changed for 25 years. Um even before the web I was building software for uh DOSs you know without interface um same thing you would build a database you will create dashboards and analytics on top of it. You might have some automations and workflows but essentially the value same from day one and it's true that interfaces changed uh people initially built for you know desktop application on Windows it moved to the cloud so there was a major benefit because it became real time everybody was seeing the same thing at the same time um mobile came into our life but if you judge by value basically the same for 25 years and If you think about it, it doesn't matter if you built a CRM software, um, IT software, work management software, 90% of the work was done outside of the tool. So, you know, if you're a salesperson, um, you would make the call outside of the CRM, you build the deck outside the CRM. Um, you will prepare for the call outside the CRM. Eventually, yes, you will track the data into a CRM and your VP of sales will able to see what's going on. Same goes for it. Same goes for Monday. Uh you would track your workflows and projects and you will do everything within Monday. But the work itself was done outside of the tool. So if you think about it, software was extremely beneficial. I I can cannot imagine the world before software because we take so many things for granted like everything is centralized, real time, one place, everything is track. So we might take it for granted but it was a major step. But not going back to your question, AI change everything because now with AI, I I think we flipped the equation. I think AI can potentially do 70 80% of the work and not 10 20% like it used to be uh before AI was brought into our lives. And I think that changes um everything in what companies need to do for their customers, what customers expect from software. Uh it will only grow over time. Nobody will want to buy software that not doing the majority of the work for them. Uh because otherwise you're just buying legacy software. >> I if if it's true where is and and then it does become a database. Where is their value in that? >> Well, I think I think this is um in my opinion where investors in the public market get it wrong. Um I think you know if you judge but by what software is is doing today you're right you know if we don't change eventually we'll become a database and nobody will buy Monday to track their work because you will buy software from other vendors that fulfill that promise but that's not the way it's going to played out uh I think um you know I can talk about specifically if you want but we're we're changing everything basically U I I think that you know going back to what I've said that I think some of the investors or the public market um you know I totally understand the way it reacted because I I think what the public market is saying essentially we understand that the value is changing and software will be different going forward but we don't know who will be able to change and I get it uh because it's hard change is extremely hard uh especially for an existing company uh And the public market is saying we don't know uh which company will be able to change. There's so many parameters to that and we're out until we get that confidence. But if I take a step back, I think that um you know software going forward the TAM of software and how how much companies are going to spend on software is going to be 100x from what it is today. Software going forward will be much more valuable going forward. uh software time is going to grow exponentially and if you combine this with the fact that companies are going to change and going to capture this value I think this the opportunity in the software market today is like we've never seen before in our lives >> so so we see enterprise spend on technology at 8 to 12% it's a varying range on a number of different verticals and kind of variables what do you think that will be in 2030 I know it's a hard question but guesstimate Look, um I can give you an example from for Monday. You know, I've I've actually done this uh I I've I've checked it myself. So, I think a company like Monday, let's say we have like 1 billion in expenses. A company like Monday will probably spend, you know, 60 70% uh of the budget on headcount and then 7 8% on software. But if we can flip the equation and scale businesses not on headcount going forward, you know, every uh CEO uh will be gladly increasing the expense on software because it's going to be marginal compared to the headcount growth that you plan for your business going forward. And I think this will play out more and more into the future. um as AI become uh more dominant, companies will spend much more in software and much less on headcount uh going forward because they'll just become more efficient and they'll gladly spend that software. >> Can I can can I ask you though, your analyst day presentation showed 20% year-on-year headcount growth in 26? >> Yeah. Is that not completely paradoxical to what you just said about more spend on technology agentic usage and organization efficiency when we're increasing headcount by 20%. >> Yeah. No, I agree. And I think uh I think we need to differentiate between the transition and where we're going. So for us um you know actually we we brought it down a little bit. uh in the last earning call we said it's going to be uh mid- teens um and I think there's also potential you know we might even take it lower I don't know we'll see but I I don't want to you know press the brakes uh violently I think we need to do this responsibly because uh there's a transition period but if you look at the horizon you know two three years >> can I push you why why not I mean it in a nice way dude the stocks in the dumps I just had Seb from Cler on we said we'd be honest you're Israeli I'm British and old, so [ __ ] it. Yeah, it's fine. Um, I just had Seb on from Cler. I mean, dude, he's in the dumps, too. Portrait. I love Seb. Um, but he's like, we were at 7,000, we're now at 3,000. By 2030, we're going to be at 2,000. I mean, I think in a couple of years there's only going to be Seb at Clana. Um, why are we not being more aggressive? [ __ ] it, now's the time. Look, first of all, you know, it's discussions we have in the leadership team and maybe we'll make other decisions, but I don't think that's the point. I don't think that uh you know, if if we reduce headcount dramatically, it will change uh you know, investor perception about Monday. Uh I I just don't think that's the essence of what we're seeing in the market. Going back to what I've said, I think investors don't know uh which company uh is going to change. And you know, we just had the earning call two weeks ago. You know, a lot of fun. You know, obviously I'm being sarcastic. Um but um you know, going back to investors and I've talked with you know, all of our major investors and everybody's saying the same everybody's saying the same thing. eventually what they want to see uh is business's revenue accelerate and I totally get it because I think what people are saying is this this is there's huge demand uh for AI products and people want to buy AI and uh we're going to have a few years now that companies are look going to look for AI solutions given that uh we're going to see infinite demand uh for AI products there shouldn't be a demand problem so you need to show us or prove to us that you can supply uh that demand to your customers and new customers. And because of that, we want to see acceleration of revenue going forward. And they're right. I think that's the best way to prove it because if there's infinite demand and you're able to capture that, no reason for your business to accelerate. And I think that's our role. uh this is exactly what we need to do and prove to ourselves and to our investors going forward that we are able to accelerate the business and we are able to capture that AI demand that exists now in the market and this is you know Roy and I'm responsibility going forward >> I get you but like everyone is cutting headcount to still increase it by mid- teens is still a lot is it just like you need the people I still don't understand >> yeah so so look the way I look at this is this I'm I'm not arguing that companies need to become more efficient Uh so I'm not dismissing it and we will become more efficient. I I'll give you some example of things we're already doing. Uh first of all uh we had a team of about 100 100 SDRs uh and we now doing doing it with agents. 100% is being done with agents. We move those SDRs to do outbound. Uh all of our support is being done with AI. All all of our developers is using cloud code and cursor. So, you know, I'm I'm I I don't think there's any company that's pushing uh AI efficiency uh more than we do. We want to be at the forefront of that and we're pushing that with all cylinders and we are becoming more efficient. >> I just want to drill down on that cuz that's super interesting for me nerdly. When we look at the sales team utilization of AI, when you say like we've replaced SDRs, but then you said they're moving to Alban. How are you using AI specifically in the sales team to make the sales team more efficient? So basically a customer today that goes into Monday when they're leave their details on the website let's say they leave a contact sales form uh the way we used to do it before AI was that um we had a team that will call back those customers try to figure out to qualify them to check the opportunity uh and basically qualify them and help them schedule a meeting with the uh AE uh account executive on our team. Uh so this is all down done by AI today. So I'll give you some stats. It used to take on average 24 hours to get back to a customer. Now it takes 3 minutes. Um we used to miss a lot of the calls. People would not answer the calls. Now everything went up. Conversion rate went up. Um people answering the call went up. Um um opportunity to book went up. So all parameters went up. Uh AI speaks all languages. uh available 247. So, it's been quite an amazing transition. >> Love that. Fascinating. You said support also impacted. I'm really intrigued. Do you use an external provider for customer support or have you built your own? I interviewed, you know, Ariel Kern from Nan, Jack from Airwalks and they built their own. How did you think about that? >> So, when it comes to the SDR part, we've done it our own. uh we built our own solution uh and support we use some third party but a lot we do our own as well I think um you still need to highly customize tools today in order to properly enjoy them and things are moving so fast that uh we just felt building building our own is probably the right path to take at this point >> have you seen a shift in the ange team building with cursor to claw code >> I've seen some of it uh I think right now it's a sense of flavor uh but but essentially we're in transition period and uh definitely we see increase in output for engineers by the way. Uh I think part of it is that you find new bottlenecks uh that are not attached to writing code. I think there's uh um on one hand we see increase in personal productivity. Uh but again there's new bottlenecks you find each time you increase one of those uh productivities and um basically we're on a journey to increase more and more the output of our R&D team. So, Sablana said 3,000 today and they would be 2,000 by 2030. How many do you have today and how many people do you think you'll have in 2030? >> So, today we have about 3,000 people um and and uh going to be when uh >> 2030. Wow. My gut feeling is is probably not um going to grow uh substantially. But but look, I think efficiency is important, but I think what's even more important is the opportunity that we have and I think this is where people are missing the point from my perspective because it's true that we can focus 100% on on efficiency and you know reduce headcount, reduce expenses, but going back to my point, this is the biggest opportunity in software ever in our lifetime. the biggest opportunity uh that we ever had as a company and as an industry. Okay, this is it's like the beginning of the most amazing journey for all of us. So, what I want to do is to capture as much as I can out of this opportunity because it's out there and we can do it. And I think this is where people are getting it wrong. like you know on one hand I see people excited about private companies because they build um tools in the AI era that kind of capture the what I've referred to as doing the work but I'll tell you a secret you know public companies will do it as well we're going to do it we are already doing that the challenge I have is like bolt-on AI strategies which I'm not delineating between public or private I'm delineating between scale companies and and non-scale companies or AI native companies and I think the bolt-on AI strategy, sorry I'm being blunt, could be a U, it could be an air table, it could be a you name that ilk era of company um versus a AI native built from the ground up with AI. It's just very different in how you build, integrate and adopt or approach AI as a as a kind of fundamental platform. No, >> 100%. And we were the victims of this as well. uh you know going back um I I'll share a little bit of our journey. So going back a year and a half ago um or even two years a you know when some Sam Alman wrote that famous tweet this is CHP you can play with it um I remember that you know I I'll give you the kind of the relationship that we had with AI. So initially you know I was excited I'm I'm excited about every new technology. I'm I'm also a person who like to try things in my own hands and we played with it and it was amazing. Um but we didn't get it to be honest like the the I think most of us didn't get it. Maybe some of us got it but so and and you know initially also the investors they didn't know you know what it means and we heard from investors you know it's cool there's hype around it but we don't know. Um but something changed about I would say a year ago. I don't know what it was to be honest. Like it's not like one tweet that I've seen or one product. I feel it was um you know combining many many data points but I think was a a collective understanding that things are changing and things are changing forever and this is where you started to see the change in the market sentiment and like I felt like a light bulb moment at that point and before that we've done a lot of things like it's not that we didn't do things but we built some AI features but like you said I call it uh we sprinkled some AI dust on top of our product. So essentially we didn't know what to build. So we built uh a way for people to be build um formulas using AI. We built AI blocks, AI columns, but essentially it it was sugar coating our product because the value haven't changed. The value was the same. >> How do we solve the problem of seats, Aaron? like you know we've lived and you know I'm showing my age obviously but we've lived in a seatbased SAS economy where we sell seats and that's fantastic when headcounts scale as they always have done and people renew but in a world where headcount is reducing where efficiency is increasing and we're moving away from seats what do we do when our core pricing dynamic goes away >> yeah so so look going back to uh the transition like I said initially it was the AI dust that we sprinkle in product but then we realized you know what I've said is that the value we need to give to our customers uh not just us every software is completely different so what we've done internally is to rethink what we are doing as a company what's the value we try to provide to our customers with Monday work management platform and also with CRM and service and rethink our whole product part of it is pricing like you said that's going to change dramatically our go to market is going to change our homepage is going to change the ads are going to change And the most important part what what our product is giving to the value it gives to our customers is now going through the biggest transformation since we launched the company back in 2013. It's the biggest moment for us in the history of the company. >> Can I push you on the pricing? It's going to change. What does it change to? >> Well, eventually I think uh it's going to be more consumption uh and then entirely consumption going forward. So I think this also be a transition but now it's um going to be hybrid and eventually it's going to be 100% consumption. >> Got you totally. How do you feel navigating that transition? >> First of all maybe I'll just explain the transition that we're doing uh just to make it uh more concrete. So basically companies want to adopt AI and uh they're going to adopt vertical tools to do that like the you know the SDR example I gave you maybe another example for support um for legal there's a lot of vertical solutions people going to adopt but I think this is big room uh for horizontal plays and this is exactly what we're going to do with Monday so basically we want to be a place that orchestrate between agents and humans because at the end of the day um you know maybe in the far future agents will do 100% of the work. Uh I don't think it's going to happen but maybe it will happen to some extent but we're going to have a you know a huge transition period where humans and agents need to work together and we want to make Monday the default place for people to build agents and to collaborate between agents and people. So essentially you'll build Monday you build agents in the top of Monday those agents will output tables docs files people will go over it they build their own agents and essentially we want to become the default place to do horizontal agents across the company do you think your best place to do that though everyone wants to do that and probably want to do that chatbt want to do that going back to that one actually they they do want to do that and that's right in their wheelhouse um like why are we best place to do it. >> So first of all, I don't think that Chad GPT or Gemini on Tropic are going to do it because going back to my uh the second theory that we discussed, you know, of course, you know, people are buying a tropic uh claw, the buying chpt, but uh it's not a tool where you work with another thousand people and share information. It's a personal tool that people use. There's a big difference between selling a tool that be can be used personally and building a tool for people to collaborate with agents. It's a very different product. >> If you look at Open Claw and what Peter's done and what he's doing joining the team at OpenAI and then you look at their movement into enterprise and anthropics focus on enterprise again critics would push back and say that's just not true. >> Yeah. I I'll explain again. I think you know a company today that want to adopt AI, they have no idea what they need to do. No idea. It's a new technology. Uh you know I I think we live in an echo chamber of tech but the world out there is very different and I think essentially companies will want to buy AI. Uh they will do whatever they need in order to buy AI capabilities because it's going to be a competitive market and if they won't do it they won't survive. But I think >> you think that's do you not think that's where chat GPT's brand wins which is like you fundamentally the brand of chat GPT is so strong that they are signing enterprise contracts with a velocity we haven't seen before because of that brand anthropic are too but again I go back and as a Monday holder do we not need to jack the [ __ ] out of our enterprise brand because otherwise they are going to eat the momentum on the enterprise side >> so so I think we need to differentiate what enterprise contract means Okay. So, the fact that Ched GPT or Gemini or Entropic are selling a contract that a thousand people, let's say, within Monday can use entropic, it's it's great. But that's not the product I'm talking about. Okay? That's it's like um comparing Microsoft Office with Monday. It's not the same thing. There's tools that people use individually, which is great, personal productivity tools, building agents, but then there's the actual work. It's like claiming that you know there's no need for SDR software because you you bought Entropic. It's a different problem to solve. So I think the problem of solving how people and agents are working together in one workspace if it is a very different product is a very different problem. I think companies will want guidance on how to do that. They're going to need help setting up agents, figuring out what they can automate uh with agents and what they can replace in terms of um headcount. And this is not by buying off-the-shelf product um that is a generic product. You will need a product that can help you collaborate between humans and agents if it's a very different uh product compared to just buying a license to LLM. And I think eventually if you look at entropic open and I and geminy they have a much bigger opportunity they want to chase they want to be the backbone of the LLM industry they want to capture as much as they can in terms of that market share and I get it it's a huge opportunity uh again going back to my AWS comparison they are the infrastructure uh but there's going to be a lot of products built on top of that I think if anything we're going to see uh an excess of software being built on top of the LLM not less, exponentially more. Uh because the opportunity is so massive and the TM is so huge. Going back to Monday, we're going all in for that. We're changing the product, the value proposition, how people use the product, how people on board, and what people should expect from the product. If you haven't built an agent on Monday, you're not using the product properly. And that's a major shift. The boards, the dashboards are going to be more in the background and the agents more in the forefront. And it's a it's a huge change. It's a scary change, but I believe in that with all my heart because I think the opportunity is massive. We're at 0.001% done of where the word is going. >> Do you think we overestimate the speed of adoption for enterprise AI usage or do you think actually we're at a tipping point and it will tip much faster than we think? >> I think technology is moving fast. I think organizations going to take more time. >> You know what is AI adoption? It's it's there's so much nuance to that. There's so many thing look at the end of the day I I think I think what people are confusing is you know AI can get super smart and we've seen it growing exponentially but no matter how smart you are if you don't have context you cannot perform your job you know even the most intelligent person on earth cannot do their job if they don't are not aware of the context and if you think about any company even Monday itself 90% of The context is not documented anywhere. Nobody knows it. You know, it's something that kind of floats in the air. You know, what's the idea? What's the strategy? Who's doing what, what's next month, what's next year, how we going to do it, why are we doing what we're doing, what's the thought process behind it. So, I think we're going to see a transition period before all that information and knowledge uh and intelligence is going to be documented, which might happen in the future. I think we have a huge transition period of people working with agents. I think you can see some small companies and you know I've been following Jason Lkin and what he's doing on your own his own team. I'm you know I'm a big fan of Jason. >> You know the joke I say with Jason is the best venture fund of the last decade was Jason Lmin's unresponded inbox because every great founder sent him an email being like please invest and he just didn't get back to them. I I I I I always joke with Jason that um uh we have like a one-sided relationship where I I listen to every word he says and he's is my mentor but he's not aware of it. So it's like >> I do a show with I do a show with him every week and he is my mentor and he is aware of it. Um but he is so red he is so into it. It's insane. >> I know. But look at the end of the day um I think uh you know a small team like Jason's team and Jason is very um um forwardleaning uh can replace everything they do with AI but for an existing company in business it's going to be more of a transition over many years and we need to remember that most economy you know 95% of economy is is not software companies it's actual businesses so going back to my point we're going to see a transition period of companies adopting AI, AI working with humans, humans collaborate with agents. It's a massive opportunity and I I don't think OpenAI and Tropic or Gemini are going to go for that because it's such a different sales process, enterprise sales, top down on different uh uh tool use and we're going to go all in for that opportunity because our advantage is that we are the best platform for people to working together across the organization. So we're going to take that part of the business and add the agents on top of it and change the value and what people do with the product and I believe it's going to be massive going forward. >> If we shift a little from enterprise down to kind of it can still be but more SMB and consumer. One thing that Monday has done unbelievably well and we spoke about it last time was the customer acquisition machine you've built on SEO content YouTube it's been phenomenally successful. How do you think about critics who say that customer acquisition engine is completely changing in a world of GEO or you know LLM discovery um in a changing content world how does customer acquisition channels funnels change? >> Yeah. So I think going back to my um uh original opening where I said that there's the sentiment change but businesses are unaffected. So we were affected uh by by one thing uh which is uh Google introducing AI mode in the search results. So Google used to be a significant um acquisition channel for us and definitely it took a hit in terms of people clicking on sponsored links because people see the AI answers. Um so definitely >> when you said took when you said it took a hit, how much of a hit? I'm sorry I'm really naive here. Like a 10% a 30% 50% broad strokes. it was about 10% of our acquisition um in terms of new ARR um but again Google is very transactional so people usually when they're searching for something they're um willing to buy at this point because the intent is very high so we lost some of the more transactional deals more SMB oriented uh and we shifted that budget to other channels but they're kind of longer sales cycle so we definitely took a hit because of that but apart from that um we have 70 other channels that we acquire customers from and we didn't see any impact on other channels. So it was a significant impact uh but from my perspective it's isolated to that. >> Can I ask a hard one? If we are the work platform between agents and humans and we have this grand future it's the most exciting time ever. Why have you not bought any of your own shares back? Uh well we are uh we announced a buyback program of 870 million uh and we said we're going to spend it um over the la next two three years uh we already um done some buyback in Q4 uh and you know we said that uh if we're going to see opportunities we're going to buy back our shares u and definitely there's opportunities right now so uh we are looking into that and we do have a buyback program. What about you personally, dude? We saw Service Now CEO spend three million bucks and that was revealed to be less than his car collection, which was rather annoying title for an article. I have to I saw it and I felt sorry for him. I was also really intrigued to see the cars which they didn't show. Um why not buy it back personally? >> Yeah. So, first of all, um I'm on a 10B5 program. So basically I have to uh 6 months in advance uh make a 6 months plan ahead. So I'm not saying I won't when the plans open up uh I might uh buy more share personally again it's something I need to decide with my wife you know it's not a personal decision for me uh but definitely it's opportunity but I can share another thing is that um you know not myself or my partner Roy or the rest of the leadership team is selling shares I in my 10B5 I have u you know a number I'm not willing to go below in terms of selling shares and I can say the price now is much much lower uh than that number. So, I'm not selling any shares personally. And um maybe I'll share another thing because it's public information. You know, since the IPO, I still hold again, I don't know the exact number, but probably 80 something% of my share. So, I sold less than 20%. Uh 14 years in this journey. So, I I don't think I need to prove more that I have like all my skin is in the game, you know? I'm I'm 100% in. I believe in the future of the company and um I think the the you know as I said it's one of the biggest opportunity that we ever had as a company. >> Can I ask you from a like personal perspective or leadership perspective when you have a challenging period like this? What do you know now about how to galvanize a team when a stock price is so impacted? And of course people look at it every day and look at their net worths. >> Yeah. Look, I it's it's been a roller coaster. Uh it's been hard, you know, emotionally um everything uh in the last few months. I can share that um you know, it's still fresh, but you know, the last earning call, the stock went down to 70 um uh dollars. You know, obviously when the stock is going down and and I've seen all the earning calls before Monday and after Monday, I felt like no matter what companies are going to announce, uh the stock is going to go down 20%. So, I was not optimistic. I was not sure what's pricing and what's not, but it is what it is. I get it. The sentiment is so negative. >> How do you feel going in when you know that you're going to get pummeled? >> Yeah. >> Are you like, "Fuck it. You know what? There's nothing I can do." Are you like, "Oh god, I'm dreading this. Oh no." >> So, it's it's Look, I didn't know what to expect and and overall, I'm not trying I'm I'm trying not to make the stock price to manage, you know, my decision making process, but I look at it. It's it's you cannot ignore it. like it has a psychological impact for sure and definitely it's not easy or fun when you go up and talk with analysts and investors and you know nobody's happy. Uh again I don't think we're unique because you know service now is down 50%, Salesforce is down 60%. So you know but it's not it's not helpful you know so I understand you know there's things I can control there's things I cannot control. I cannot control the negative sentiment in the market. what I can control is what can we do about it. So I'm trying to focus on the things I can control. Going back to the earning call on Monday, the stock went down. Uh I can share that um you know I obviously you know lost some sleep over it. I woke up 3:00 a.m. thinking about it. Tuesday woke up 2 a.m. didn't fall back asleep. But um you know when I woke up Wednesday and the stock was 70 and I had like a feeling of uh relief you know to be honest because um I said okay you know it's 70 represent let's say 3.7 market cap. We had like um I don't remember the exact number but roughly let's say 1.5 billion in the bank cash no debt. So the enterprise value is 2 billion. We have like again I don't want to disclose a specific number. Let's say over 1.3 billion of ARR. So it's like 1.5 multiple. So I felt like okay like what the market is saying to me is like uh again air quotes like the company is worth zero. Okay fine. you know it's now I need to build I need to prove and suddenly I felt you know relieved because I'll do everything needed in order to do to make the company successful like it can't get any worse yeah the stock can go down but I feel this is like the lowest sentiment uh the software companies ever had so yeah it can get lower but you know to be honest like it's it's pretty low right now >> I I I love you we get on well you know my again the franch analyst goes, you know, cuz I I I obviously I'm an anal Monday holder. He's like, "Dude, the thing about Monday, I thought there was a flaw. I was wrong." >> Yeah. Look, it I'm not saying it cannot go down. Obviously, everybody every day there's a new tweet and all the stock is going down 7%. I cannot control it. But what I feel now, you know, screw it. I'm go going to go all in. I'm going to go all in on both Roy myself and the management team. this is the biggest opportunity. There's only upside to where we're at. We're gonna take the risks. We're gonna go all in. We're gonna take and do whatever is necessary to win. And I'm extremely motivated for that. >> Do you think private competitors have an advantage on you that you don't have because you're public? If you look at Stripe and Adyen, I think Stripe have an inherent advantage in being private that Adyen don't have because they're public in what they can do, how aggressive they can be, how they approach product, you name it. Do you think that's the case here? >> I think the opposite. >> The opposite. Because if you kind of relate to what I've said, you know, I feel like I was kicked in the head so many times by now that Okay, I get it. And I feel when when you're private, you know, you can try and ignore what's going on and even say, you know, everything is okay. But for me, you know, I get it. And and I don't blame the investors. I think investors are super sophisticated and it's it's an amazing market. And I think what the investors are saying, I got the message, you know, uh I got the message. And they're right. um they don't know who's going to be successful. But I think this is where they get it wrong because I feel if you basically I think what I'm trying to say uh Harry throughout our conversation is are you playing defense or are you playing offense? And I think every every day I go on Twitter and I read what people are saying and everybody is publishing an article you know this company has more robust system of records this company has a mode this company is enterprise who cares who cares what are you arguing who's going to change last who have more time I'm saying the opposite this is the biggest opportunity everybody have to change everybody have to change the faster you change the better and I think some some kind companies will not be able to change because I don't know the founders are not there because it's hard because the DNA is not there because it's a 100,000 people company because they're not sure where they're going because they don't have a culture of execution. My confidence come from the culture we built. The fact we always were great execution. The fact that once we make a decision we're going to go all in. We have everything needed. We have the cash. We have the talent, we have the execution, we know what we need to build. That gives me a lot of confidence. The people in the company and our mission. So I think, you know, if you if you're playing defense, good for you. I feel for us it's an opportunity to play offense and do whatever we need in order to win. And this gives me a lot of confidence because I'm building the future. >> Can I ask you, you said that you have a billion and a half and it's, you know, 3.7 or whatever it was. There comes a time when actually it's ju it's it's just too low. It's mispriced. And at that point again I have many public market friends now. They are going [ __ ] this. I want to take it private. This makes no sense anymore. It is it is strategically wrong. Would you like to take it private? >> No, I don't see a reason. No, we look I I think at the end of the day, you know, you can be private, you can be public. The question is do you need to raise more money? And we don't. uh we generate uh 27% of free cash flow. We don't need to raise more money. Uh we have everything we need going forward. If anything, we'll become more efficient. Um I see the retention rate highest ever. Gross retention highest ever. We're still acquiring a lot of customers. So I'm very confident about the business and I think this is where people don't understand that the businesses are working good and things might change but you know nothing is more sticky than a SAS product. So I definitely I'm not worried about um you know operationally and we are changing um you know as we speak. So we don't need to raise more money and no reason to go private and we can stay public. >> You said about a billion and a half in cash. What a wonderful luxury that is also that not many have. What would you like to buy that you haven't bought from an M&A perspective? Why are we not being more aggressive? >> Yeah. So look, we we are looking into companies and we also met a few that we were close to acquiring. Uh but look, at the end of the day, um this is this is not how we're going to win. You know, if I need to bet the whole company future on an acquisition of a startup, I'm not doing my job as a CEO, you know. Uh look there's the problem now with private companies is that we have the opposite um valuations between private and public you know if Monday is valued at 3.7 every startup in the private market with 5 million of AR is now being valued at 2 billion you know so yeah I can buy it with partially cash but I'll need to use my stock as well so I don't have a lot of opportunity buying you know a few billions uh worth of of a private company it's not going to play out and and again like I feel we have everything we need in order to execute. So I think you know it's a cycle. It's a cycle for public companies. It's also going to be a cycle for private companies. Um now there's a lot of money in the private companies uh in private investors but you know it's a cycle. Uh at some point investors going to see the same company 20 times a month and LPS is is is not going to pour a lot of money and I get it. I've I've been in cycles before. >> Are you in CEO groups, WhatsApp groups? um not WhatsApp group but uh I have a few CEOs I consult with. Yeah. >> What do they say? Are you guys all just going what the [ __ ] together? >> Uh not really. Uh you know the problem with other CEOs is uh people don't expose their emotions too much. I'll say that. Uh but uh I I I think uh people feel resilient. I think we give each other confidence. I think some cos are I wouldn't say ignoring the problem but don't understand the magnitude of what needs to change and I think some are more are more kind of advanced in how they think about it and understand the magnitude of what needs to be changed. Again my my confidence is is coming from doing and changing. So they get that gives me a lot of confidence going forward. Uh, so I don't need anybody to kind of pat my back and I got Roy, my partner, and the rest of the leadership team and we feel very confident on where we're going. >> Can I ask you personally from like a a marriage and from a personal perspective, it is hard what you're going through and I don't think a lot of people like quite realize the emotional and personal toll that it takes. Getting on a show like this with me even after everything that you go through is intense. And I remember Seb from Cler saying he does shows, interviews, and he did one that was so [ __ ] hard and they just [ __ ] on him, [ __ ] on him, [ __ ] on him. And he got in his car and he played Queen Under Pressure and he just like sang full pitch under pressure and like he always thinks to that moment like from a personal perspective like what are the things that get you through the really hard times? >> So So first of all, I want to acknowledge it's it's hard. Okay. like uh it's hard and you know I told somebody someone the the other day that uh some days I feel like um I was ran over by a truck, hit by a plane and and barbecued and it's it's just 11:00 a.m. you know. So so definitely there there's days like that. Um but but I I must say that uh I feel very good now. Uh and I feel we're doing the right things. I'll tell you I'll give you I'll say two things that really help me. So, so one uh is the people in the company. That's that's something that's very significant to me because, you know, once we tell them what we're doing and and focus on doing and execution, I could see in their eyes like although it's scary and we're changing a lot of things and we're taking big bets, I can tell in their eyes that they're excited, that they appreciate we don't ignore the problems, that we don't say everything is okay. We are changing. We are adapting for the future. And people are working incredibly hard. They're dedicated from the bottom of their hearts. And that one gives me a lot of confidence. And the second thing, and I don't want to get too emotional, is is my family, my wife, and u my kids. Uh super significant. >> Yeah. I I'm sure like I I remember when I I had a hard time fundraising years ago and I remember crying in the middle of Leicester Square on on the phone to my mother and you know I was expecting this loving response from my mother. She's very sweet and she goes, "Harry, I did not give birth to a [ __ ] loser." >> That's hard. >> I was like, "Oh shit." She's like, "You know what? Wake up tomorrow and tomorrow is another day. you've got this. >> And I think whatever it is, there is something about your family in that moment that just gets you through it. And so I I totally get that. And um >> yeah, and and and uh you know, also my extended family, my parents, uh my sisters, like I feel I have like a network or support. And you know, at the end of the day, what I really care about, you ask me about my personal wealth, I don't care. I don't care. I just want the company to be successful. I feel immense sense of responsibility for the future of the company, for the employees, for the investors, um for everybody that's part of that ride. And I want to uh do whatever it takes uh to capture this opportunity and I want to play offense. I think that's the point at the end of the day. As I said, going back to the I I I think there's so much noise and I think just listening to the noise is the wrong thing to do as a leader. And as a CEO noise is Twitter and other article even public market but I want to focus on the essence for me the essence is very simple it's the biggest opportunity of our lifetime in terms of software we need to change and we are changing and because of that I'm confident we're doing the right things and this is what in my control I will do whatever is necessary so this is the essence and this is what we're doing and that gives me a lot of confidence going forward >> there there's a kind of content creator influencer whatever I'm quite into these kind of inspirational speakers this guy Alex Woszi and he says you know whenever I'm going through a hard time I think you know the harder the challenge the greater the story that comes out of it and this is the story that you will one day tell your kids >> yeah I'll tell you how I look at it I got the front seat in probably the one of the most exciting period in human history the birth of intelligence And I can navigate this ship and it's amazing. It's such a great opportunity. I think everything is life. Is is it a glass half full or half empty? I can look at it and say, "Oh, you know, like I was on a path and everything was great and we built this great company and so on." But the way I look at this today is maybe this is our be biggest opportunity as a company. Maybe we waited for that moment and if we do the right things we can reacelerate the company and even grow much larger than what we could have become as a company. So I I I hold into that and that gives me a lot of confidence and if you ask me today how I feel I feel great because as I told you we hit the bottom or maybe close to the bottom and from here we can only grow and focus on execution and this is exactly what we do. >> You said about kind of this is time for offensive before we do a quick fire. If I were to ask you like what's your most batshit crazy offensive move that I'm sure is totally unrealistic but you would like to do. So like for me I look at it as a load of companies like you Duo and a load of others where I'm like crazy mispriced assets clearly brilliant companies let's roll up and buy in a really aggressive I want to raise hundred billion dollars and do this. It's a batshit crazy offensive idea. What would you say is yours? So basically our strategy is um is twofold. One in terms of our horizontal platform we're going all in agents and humans working together. We're shifting the product 100% the pricing the go to market the product. We have two vertical offerings the CRM and service. Uh for that we're building those product from scratch being 100% agentic. So basically going full in on that opportunity. The way I look at this today, service dominated by service now, CRM dominated by Salesforce is open market today. I I believe in their ability to change, but they need to prove it. I want to go all in. I think we made this choice to go for CRM and service back in the days where we have crazy competition. Now, I feel the the um you know, playfield is leveled and there's opportunity. So we we have one big horizontal bet, two vertical bets with service and CRM and we're going all in on all three and I'm very confident about that. So I think it's a big bet and we'll do whatever is necessary to capture that opportunity. And >> who who's a harder competitor, HubSpot or Salesforce? >> Again, the question is who's who's going to be able to change? That's the most important factor for me because at the end of the day it's not what they built but how can they change and I think going back to my point about public market I think this is where companies are mispriced. Everybody's priced now on the downside, but again, it's because of lack of of information, not because not because the market is not sophisticated enough, because you don't know, you know, you don't know who's going to be able to change, but I'm confident we will change. There's a lot of questions how and there's a lot of risk to it, but we're going to change. And the question is, who else is going to change? And who else is going to change successfully and responsibly? >> Who do you think will change more effectively, HubSpot or Salesforce? Look, I think u being in a bigger company is harder because it's hard to move humans. That's the hardest part. I think people think enterprise is a bene is a benefit. Maybe SMBs is better because SMBs are more open to adopting new technologies. When you play defense, some of those things might look as disadvantages selling to SMBs or being a smaller companies. If you play offense those disadvantage might become advantage because those customers might be sooner to adopt technology and will buy those products before enterprise will buy. So um I don't know to be honest and it's it's for them to prove uh you know I I I will never underestimate each one of those companies because they've built incredible things. I think in general I think investors underestimate incumbents ability to change their willingness to change the motivation to change. um you know private companies are great but you know those companies reach where they're reached because of multiple things and they're very successful companies and I think the cycle is going to shift once um you know like fun stuff to the rain you're going to see another public company change and accelerate another one accelerate and investors going to say hm you know it happens so let's rethink who else is going to change over time and valuations will go up >> what do you people say that the babies are being thrown out with the bath bath water. Very strange analogy, but it's kind of what they say in the public market. Other than Monday, what is the biggest baby being thrown out with the bath water? >> I don't know. I think I think most of them uh it's not like, again, I'm not an investor, so I don't have my own list. I think uh um you know, it's been a blood bath. So, it's really hard to pick >> who's under. >> Yeah, >> it totally has been. Um listen, I want to do a quick fire around you. So I say a short statement, you give me your immediate thoughts. What have you changed your mind on in the last 12 months? What did you think that you maybe don't or what didn't you that you now do? What's been the biggest mindset change? >> Obviously AI like um you know a year ago I didn't I'll be honest I didn't understand I don't think I was the only one but I didn't understand the magnitude of the change. Uh but today I understand that software is fundamentally changed forever. Uh so that's something I didn't understand but now I totally get it and um you know it's obvious to me that the future is going to be very different for software. >> What criticism about you stings? Because it's partly true >> about myself. >> Yeah. >> I think one thing that uh I think we can do better is uh to tell a story in a better way. I think Roy, myself, we're not uh even though we do great marketing for our product, I don't think we tell the story good enough for the company and and definitely that's something that I feel we can improve. Um because I often feel like uh you know, if people knew what I knew, they will be much more confident uh in Monday and where we're going. And I feel it's it's my responsibility uh to do a better job telling our story and our strategy. Open AI at 500 or anthropic at 380, which one would you rather be an investor in? >> First of all, I think we all need a little bit of uh humility. Uh what I've heard in the last year is is is this Microsoft is the most amazing companies. Microsoft is is finished. Google is finished. Google is the best company on earth. OpenAI is the most amazing company. OpenAI is finished by Entropic. And this is like three months cycles. So it's well I I feel it's like uh 1998 and we say um you know Yahoo and Netscape going to suck all the value from the internet revolution and we know nothing. Uh so I feel we're in the beginning of an exponent. Um we don't know it's really hard uh to say who's going to win, who's going to lose. Uh it's a horse race and I think we're probably missing 90% of the picture of us how it's going to play out. So I don't know. I'm not an investor. I'm not uh I'm making bets on Monday, not on other companies. Definitely. I feel entropic have a little bit more momentum right now. They can change. Uh and it will change, I'm sure. Um so I don't know to be honest. >> The the trouble is when you don't know, we don't know and no one knows. Yeah. >> And what the trouble then is it's a flight to safety and a flight to cash. And that's the problem that I think we're going to see now, which is like no one [ __ ] knows and so no one wants to play the game. I've had enough of casino roulette in the public markets. Like, [ __ ] this. I'm selling and I'm just going to cash. And that is what you're seeing everyone do. A movement to cash. >> Yeah. >> Warren did it brilliantly with Burkshire 6 months ago. That's a problem for us though because we need that cash in Monday. >> Yeah. Yeah. But but look, it's a cycle. What happens in the cycle is that over time you know you see consistency and you gain confidence and then you see companies accelerate you gain confidence nothing I will say will change perception time and execution will change perception and this is our responsibility as CEOs and this is what I'm planning to do so over time it will change it's a cycle I I've been through so many cycles so far like uh >> is this the hardest one or is this like every other one >> look uh everybody Everybody enjoyed the 2021 cycle with COVID, right? Like uh but it was al also a cycle. I remember when um our stock went went up to 400 uh after we IPOed and u one of our investors told me something Ken Fox from uh from Thrives. He told me something which was brilliant. He told me, "Isn't it great that the stock is going up without the revenue going up?" And I said, "What? What are you talking about?" And he said, "Yeah, everything you gained is through sentiment change. Nothing you've done." And it really uh resonated with me. I said, "Okay, you know, I need to distinguish between what we do as a company and our growth and the market sentiment. And if you don't praise yourself when the stock is high, you won't be impacted because the stock when the stock is down. If you don't attach your personal success and personal um um ability to lead a company with the sentiment and you need to focus on the business performance that that that was his point and it really resonated and I didn't celebrate when it went up to 400 because I knew it was temporary at the end of the day. It's a cycle. So everybody enjoys when the cycle is up but also now when the cycle is down I need to focus on the business metrics the revenue the retention the things we are doing that's the important part not be carried away by the cycle itself >> totally agree with you and 100% very difficult to do and that's where I like the experienced CEO that you are in terms of having seen many before I think it's actually where younger CEOs struggle where it's the first cycle and the depths are so low and the highs are so high when it's the first time you've done it. Can I ask you penultimate one? Which other CEO do you most respect and admire? When you look across the board at your counterparts, which one are you like them? >> Yeah. So, so of course and and again it's a personal friendship, but I really love um Aishai from Wix and Near. Um I I feel like um you know, we're close friends, so obviously ask them a lot of questions. Um, but we also have other cos that I talk with and and again it's hard for me to pick like a name because I don't know them personally. So, uh, you know, when you pick somebody, you take their entire personality with it. So, it's really hard for me to pick. But look, I'm I'm the amount of information that I acquire through podcast, blog post, videos. I I probably acquire like five, six hour of content a day. you know, I walk to work, I walk back, I do the dishes. I I have u you know, my kids are saying, "Why do you have the uh AirPods in your ear all the time?" Because um I just feel we need to learn like crazy. I I try to gather as much information as I can. And I think I learn a lot from different people perspective. Also, I love the show you guys are doing. Uh the four of you, the three of you, sorry. So, I listen to that. Um and um you know I think um now uh you need to be learning as much as you can. So um that's the mode I operate in. >> I'm adding in a penultimate one. What's your biggest marriage advice when you go through a really tough time as well? Like it's very difficult for you. It puts a strain on mar. What's the biggest marriage advice? Like advise me. >> Um are you getting married or not yet? >> Not yet. But um you you you know women. >> Yeah. Uh well, first of all, I've been with my wife for uh 23 years now. Uh so we basically grew up together. But uh I'll tell you one thing. So uh um my wife has been nothing but amazing throughout this uh journey and specifically I would say the last 6 8 months. Like it's not like she doesn't care. She know what I'm going through. the the amount of support I got is uh unbelievable and um so one advice I would say and this is actually from my therapist. So she she gave it to me and uh because I told her what I told you now uh about my wife. So she told me say it to her you know when you meet her this evening say to her what you said to me. I said right I mean I have to because I feel it but I haven't said it to her. So I think you know communication sharing um how you feel the good the bad talking about it it's the best advice I can give uh with uh with my wife uh and also with the partners at work so um I feel the more you open the more vulnerable you are the more you share the more intimacy you create and the better relationship you create uh with other people >> very unen English of you we tend to not share much bedrooms Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're very uncomfortable. We we we normally call each other kind of mister and then surname. It's like Mr. and Mrs. Stebings. Yeah. Um final one, dude. What are you most excited for in the next 10 years? Like my mother's got MS. I'm super freaking excited for advancements in MS treatment because of AI and everything that we're seeing with longevity. What are you most excited for? >> This is probably the biggest change since the invention of computers uh that we experience now. I I'm lucky to be part of that and I'm excited to see how this plays out. you know, it's uh I think if you ignore the the negativity uh that attached to that, it's pretty exciting. I mean, it's it's it's quite a period to be alive, you know, it's it's it's pretty amazing. And >> when you think about like a civilization and how actually for I 1800 years, it really remained relatively flat. Feudal systems, farming based economies, when you look at the last 200 years, I know it's a large amount of years now, but proportionally it's not at all actually. God, I'm so grateful we're living in this time. Like, how freaking epic is this? Like, >> amazing. >> Uh, humans didn't shower in hot water like 80 years ago. And now, if if you don't have hot water in your bath when um before you go to sleep, it's like it ruined your day. So, it's like we we we get used to good things so so easily. I think, you know, specifically with AI, we're going to get used to getting the be best treatment, best doctors, everything is going to be instant. We got each one of us going to have the most amazing personal assistant. Our life is going to be amazing. And of course, we're going to complain. Of course, we're going to look at the the things that don't work. But I think going forward probably the the the value and the the quality of life is significant going to go up um going forward. >> Dude, as I said, um I so appreciate you taking the time. I so appreciate you putting up with the the harder questions. You've been fantastic. So, thank you so much, man. >> Thank you, Harry. Thanks for having me.

</details>
