---
title: "The Ruthless Sales Culture Behind ElevenLabs Growth | Carles Reina"
people_mentioned: ["Mexico City"]
channel: "Unknown"
video_id: "dXGLftcRHAE"
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXGLftcRHAE"
publish_date: 
duration: ""
word_count: 3675
content_type: "interview"
delivery_mode: "opinion"
broad_category: "sales"
subcategories: ["sales-process", "outbound", "pipeline-management"]
series_name: "Unknown"
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Mexico City"
host_names: ["Unknown"]
interviewer_names: ["Unknown"]
interviewee_profiles: ["Mexico City"]
speaker_profiles: []
organizations_mentioned: ["Unknown"]
locations_mentioned: ["San Francisco"]
tools_mentioned: []
companies_mentioned: []
topics: ["sales-process", "outbound", "pipeline-management", "lead-generation", "product-management"]
tags: []
pipeline_stage: video_only
claims_status: pending
speech_status: pending
world_status: pending
evidence_status: pending
claims_count: 0
speech_evidence_count: 0
world_evidence_count: 0
evidence_count: 0
batch_id: ""
last_processed_at: "2026-03-03"
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (3675 words)</summary>

Help me understand as a founder how do I create a comp plan for sales reps first and then how second how do I create a comp plan for sales reps to sell upsell efficiently. I think like in reality is like pretty much exactly the same in the sense that what we do at 11 Labs is like I set up like this this threshold which is like we ask everyone to bring 20 times their base salary. That's your quota, right? So if I pay you 100k a year, your quota is $2 million. That's it. If you don't achieve your quota, then you're going to be out, right? And we're ruthless on that end. So, everyone actually smashes their quota to level 11 apps. I would rather have a smaller teams that like smash their quotas and I pay. >> Do you hit their quotota? >> Uh, today is more than 80% hit their quota. Wow. >> Right. Um, and they unlock accelerators and all of that stuff. But the interesting piece like on the upsell side is we compensate both the account manager, sorry, the account exec and the CSM. It's like if the contract is absolut exec continues to acrewue like quarter retirement and also like commissions and the CSM is compensated an NRR right so we I'm paying double but I don't care it makes perfect sense because then I have these two people busting their ass to make sure that they actually can make more money which is fantastic for me as a company >> totally get that again I just want to pick on some things you said that you said that 80% is phenomen phenomenal given the ambitiousness of 20x if you were advising me as a founder is that 20x a good rule of thumb or do you think that's specific to the margin profile of 11 labs I think like the reality is like every business will be slightly different depending on the industry you're selling right so what I always tell everyone is like let's start with 20x uh and then you can adjust right like what I told everyone in the company like the first account execs that I hired was like guys I have absolutely no clue if 20x is going to be the right number or not the standard in SAS is that like you have like somewhere on like six to seven maybe eight maybe 10 right there is the standard I know this is what you are expecting like this is not how we going to be building a company at the level apps if you're thinking about like doing the same that you'll be doing at notion or like all of these places like sales and so on then you're in the wrong place so we'll experiment if we get it wrong absolutely fine we'll compensate you correctly and then essentially we will change all the entire compensation structure but if we get it right which I think it is the right number this is what we're going to keep and we've We've kept it since day one. We've been running with this for the past 2 and a half years. >> The 20% that don't, what did they get wrong? When you look at that cohort, what do you learn when you're looking at the next hires? >> So, one is um so there's two buckets within this 20%, right? One is like people that truly don't fit in the company, right? That's one. And that what they get wrong is fundamentally like they're not product experts. like they haven't actually dived deeper enough in the product that actually can understand it. They have the aggressivity to actually go into the market outbound and so on, right? Those guys unfortunately we terminate the contracts. We give them a compensation. So we usually pay anywhere between like two to three months uh of base salary. So that like we tell them like hey guys it didn't work out. We do believe that like you are very strong. It didn't work out at 11 laps because the way we do things but you're going to go somewhere else and we're going to help you get somewhere else. That's why we give you this two or three months compensation severance package and you can do super well. So it's us. It is not you. It is us fundamentally. Right? The other percentage of people that don't get into that like that 80% is people that like are building long-term pipelines. Right? So I have a guy for instance like and there's been plenty of them like over the past like two years but there's like this guy that we hired from uh from from AWS mega smart guy mega like super good and you look at the core numbers and you're like thinking I should be fighting this guy he's not hitting the quota he's like like less than 50% quota right and then like any other person would have like look at the numbers and be like this is not a fit like I cannot keep this person talk to any investors and would tell you fire this person like just not a fit. You dive into the numbers and you realize like, oh, it's because he went to the proper enterprise cycle and then he's building the most amazing commerce you can have in the entire UK region, right? Like, wait a second, why would I fire this person when he actually needs a lot more ramp fundamentally because he's tackling the difficult challenging industries? We kept that person and this person like absolutely smashed it this year 200 plus% quarter, right? So like you need to actually differentiate like what is it actually someone that doesn't fit in the company for a variety of reason and who is actually building a proper p pipeline over the long term and then you they need a little bit more help. >> Well this is I I completely disagree with the notion that because someone's selling to large enterprise you can't tell whether they're good or not for a much longer period of time. I think like you did there you look under the hood you look at the relationships you look at the conversations you look at the interactions you look where they're at you get a good enough feel of how close it is. Yeah, I completely >> and what what I do is like with the team and we do like we have quite a lot of people in the go to market side like globally we have about like 90 people or something like that but what I do is like I have sessions every single month with my uh account exxs and my CSMs where we go deep into the pipeline. It's like it's pipeline review sessions and I drill them on absolutely every single detail and and we do it in front of everyone right so like if like someone hasn't been building the proper pipeline and I do see it in numbers and I do say I will tell it in front of them like you have not done a good job like you're actually slacking you're doing this this this or I will tell them like you're actually like lucky like in the past like month you've been just pure pure you hit your numbers because of pure lack next month you're not going to hit them so you're not in the good spot right now and if they improve which the majority of them do the following month like I'm like I know I gave you a lot of crap last last month you've done fantastically well now right so like but you need to have that honesty with your team because otherwise like what are we doing here if we're trying to build a generational company you cannot like do things like the traditional way you need to do it in a completely different way >> you said there about those meetings with exacts and CSMs can you actually just take me to them you do them monthly correct >> with them monthly >> do them monthly do you do them separately with CSMs and exacts all together. >> CSMS have their own meeting and then account execs have a different one and then in account execs I split it by region >> and they're in person or remote >> all remote. That's like there's an interesting thing. I know like how some people are about like being in an office and all of that stuff and uh when I see my sales team in the office like multiple days I start getting worried because like if you're a sales person you need to be on the road. You need to I travel like 75% of my tra my time. Like in the past three weeks I was in San Francisco, I was in Mexico City, in Tokyo, in Seoul, in Singapore, in London and I'm heading to Dubai, right? Like that is like the standard thing like sales people need to be on the road talking to their customers. Whether that is in the UK, that is across Europe or that is like in Cancun. I do not care. If you're constantly in the office doing virtual meetings only with your customers, you're doing it wrong. >> Fascinating. How do you build a sales culture remotely? >> By being ruthless. like you need to be on top of it. It's like it requires extra time and it requires pe people to be forced to actually like be on the road. It's like we will have multiple touch points but I don't hire people that are junior. I hire people that are actually like autonomous, very energetic, very passionate, will accept like a million nos fundamentally because like building sales is tough. Building sales remotely is even tougher and like you just need to be on top of it. We're going to get to actually the people, but I do just want to stay on these meetings. Okay, so we have them separate, we have them remote, we have them monthly. Let's start on the like sales team side before we move to the CSMs. What are you expecting them to bring? Should they send pipeline ahead of time with notes? What's that prep phase premeating? >> So, they will essentially tell me like um how much they've closed, how much is in the pipeline, how much they're expecting to close in in the next 30 days. Uh and essentially like we start going to the deal uh the deals, right? we talk about like the biggest deals and all of that stuff and then I always like look while they're talking I look at their pipeline and I pull up like some random deals so that to understand like whether they have a full grasp of uh of what they're talking about because sometimes you know like sales teams like um they can end up like cheating uh and then having a bigger pipeline that is inflated but it's not moving right so like I want to and catch them but for me the key item that I always tell them is like at the end when they present I keep interacting them and giving them feedback and asking questions But um at the end of it I'm like the question is always the same. What are the blockers that you have and how can I help you? And for me what I do is like I build a list of the blockers for each one of them like condens like summarize them later on and then post it across the entire organization being like hey if we solve all of these blockers in Europe we could be making a lot more money in India these are the blockers in the Spanish Latam these are the blockers in Middle East these are the blockers right then everyone is like understands what are we where are we in each one of the regions >> got you okay and so we have that and when when they come to you and they say something cuz I'm on a lot of boards and very often it's like that that one that slipped to next quarter. What do you say when you get reps who say that and what's the right way to deal with that? >> I mean there's always like deals that will end up like moving towards the next quarter. That's inevitable, right? It was like the >> And you do this by the way in front of everyone. You don't do it one by one. >> No, no one has enough time to do it one by one. And I think like everyone can benefit from like like doing it in front of other people. It's the pressure. It's the fact like you you can give them good feedback and by feedback people learn from it, right? So the learning component is I think it's important specifically from a sales perspective. >> How do you do that? I'm genuinely asking because how do you do that without shaming people? >> I don't know. You need to shame them. Like if someone hasn't done their job, they haven't done their job and you need to actually publicly tell them so that like they understand they haven't done their job and everyone else knows that like they're getting for it. Do >> you don't agree with the praise in public criticized in private? >> No. No. I don't agree. I think like I need to tell you like what is right and what is wrong. Of course, I'm not going to tell you like this is like Like you're going to get fired. I'm not going to say that. But at the same time, I'm not going to hold on hold back on saying if you haven't done a good job. And for instance, there was like a case earlier this year of one of my account execs that I told the person like you just were lucky and you've closed these deals just for pure pure luck, but you haven't done any good job. And then like the next one like there was like it was so funny like there was exactly two people the same case and then the next one that came in presenting was I told him like um you have done exactly the same thing but you have not been lucky as the previous person and that's why you haven't actually closed anything both of them the following month absolutely smashed it right it's like sales people need to be on their toes all the time and they need to be told and if they're going to be if they're good at their job they're going to accept the critic criticism, learn from it, and then improve. >> How long are those meetings? >> We end up putting usually an hour and a half. Um, and then people have like about like seven, eight minutes to present, and then like it's very, very quick in general. >> Absolutely love that. What happens, and this is a hard one because 11 Labs seemingly just such rocket ship revenue growth. What would you advise if you would put on a hypothetical hat for it not working so well, what would you advise a sales leader or a CEO who's taking this, who's going to run with this, but the numbers are not up into the right? How do I have a meeting like this without feeling like dejected, demoralized when numbers aren't up into the right? >> I think it just depends on like what why the numbers not on the on the right on the right place, right? I think like you need to do understand like the the do the back back work first to understand like what's happening? Is it because the sales team is not good enough? Is it because the product is not good enough? Is it because we're not being aggressive enough? What is essentially happening here? Because like if you don't have a full understanding then like you might be like like shaming people for the wrong reasons, right? And the best way of understanding is like like roll up your sleeves and actually pitch customers. I am the like like SDR in chief in the company, right? Like I absolutely love it. I actually love outbounding people. I love it. Like we were like Matty and I were like in Singapore like uh talking to talking like to to to Razer like uh the laptops laptops company. Absolutely love the brand. And then that came out because like I abounded the the CEO and I messaged him like Matty and I are gonna be in some in in Singapore in a few days like would love to actually meet and figure out how we can talk how we can figure out like a partnership and he replied saying like yes let's do it. So we ended up spending like a good hour in their offices which is fantastic but like I do it all the time and then I pass it to the team because I do believe like a good leader needs to be a good outbounder. It's it's interesting that like uh I I have this this uh this this narrative also with BCs, right? Like for me a BC is just a glorified SDR or BDR. What is your advice to me as sales leader or CEO who's not as experienced and brilliant as you on the right way to forecast? Is it like be optimistic, be realistic, be negative? How do you advise on that? >> Be as negative as possible >> I think. So I always like advice theme on if uh we are now setting a deal that is going to be half a million dollars. Fantastic. Just put me that like you're going to be signing it at $24,000. Um I don't want to put like a an unrealistic number because like if you think it's going to be half a million dollars, the most likelihood is going to be 100k, right? So let's just not inflate the pipeline because then essentially account execs are incentivized to inflate as much as possible um so that it looks like better. I don't like that. So let's put the lowest possible number. That's fine. We will fix it later. But at least we under underestimating what it's going to look like. But we do it also like for the board like when we put like the boardex and like we tell them like we tell them like hey this the pipelines like this the contracts all of that stuff like we put the the lowest possible number because otherwise it inflates and if it inflates the numbers also investors will ask more questions be like hey by the way you put me like this account over here that it was going to be a $2 million account but it seems you sign it at like 100k what and it just raises such a like a number of like uh awkward questions that like it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't make sense >> one of the fastest ways I think to create distrust. Obviously, when you have investors look at your company, obviously you share pipe often of what you expect it to be. When we do reference calls, as all investors do with friends who are CEOs of those companies and like, "Dude, we'd never spend more than 25K on this." And they've got it in for 250. Fastest way to lose credit. >> Correct. Correct. And there's another item in there is like if you always underestimate or undervalue your pipeline, it means that like to reach the numbers that you had, you need to have a higher pipeline. M >> so like there's a lot of consequence of all of this is like you'll end up working at twice as hard because your pipeline is not big enough for the year end number or the quarter end number that you needed. So you just kind it's a forcing mechanism to have the right culture in place. We went through this like cultural change early this year because I actually got obsessed. we were doing the majority of deals like 90% of the deals were mostly inbounds right and as the team keeps growing I was like getting extremely worried that like we were not building the right mentality in the team it's like if at some point like the pipeline dries up then you essentially end up dying right so I put a goal saying like we need to migrate to 50% uh outbound 50% inbound by the end of the year so kept hammering absolutely everyone I still put together a report every single week with every single account exec and SDR in the in in the team telling them like you've achieved your target on a weekly basis, you haven't achieved it. And if people don't achieve it, then I I call them out. It's like we I did it so often that I ended up like getting uh like people make jokes about outbound outbound outbound. It's like I'm the outbound king. Yes, I love it. Like people and people like know that like if you are on that list of people that are not doing their outbound, I'm going to call you out. And if at some point like I call you out too many times, then we're going to have a problem, right? It's a cultural thing. And we end up like migrating from like this 10% outbound sales that we're doing to 40% that we do

</details>
