---
title: "Quant Data - Your Key To Accurate Backtest (Broker Profiles Explained)"
people_mentioned: ["Concrete Time Frame", "Broker Profile", "Closing Price Only", "One Minute Data", "Tick Data Precision"]
channel: "StrategyQuant"
video_id: "SpizndCpLFg"
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpizndCpLFg"
publish_date: 2024-12-17
duration: "19:41"
word_count: 2629
content_type: "solo-talk"
delivery_mode: "knowledge"
broad_category: "finance-investing"
subcategories: ["stock-analysis", "market-data"]
series_name: ""
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Concrete Time Frame"
host_names: []
interviewer_names: []
interviewee_profiles: []
speaker_profiles: ["Concrete Time Frame"]
organizations_mentioned: ["StrategyQuant"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: []
companies_mentioned: []
topics: ["stock-analysis", "market-data", "data"]
tags: ["stock-analysis", "market-data", "data"]
pipeline_stage: video_only
claims_status: pending
evidence_status: pending
claims_count: 0
evidence_count: 0
batch_id: ""
last_processed_at: "2026-03-03"
speech_status: pending
world_status: pending
speech_evidence_count: 0
world_evidence_count: 0
---


## Summary

The discussion centers on broker, data, script. Now I click on Import Broker Instrument, copy the path from the address bar, click on Update Instrument Information, select which broker profile I. Then, this button allows export a ticker list for a given broker, because in Broker Profile, we can set up not only CFDs, but. If we are importing data directly from a broker, we just need to enter our ticker, select it from the menu of that broker.

## Key Insights


- Now I click on Import Broker Instrument, copy the path from the address bar, click on Update Instrument Information, select which broker profile I want to.
- Then, this button allows export a ticker list for a given broker, because in Broker Profile, we can set up not only CFDs, but we have.
- If we are importing data directly from a broker, we just need to enter our ticker, select it from the menu of that broker, and assign.
- Now, if I went to Data and selected the option to download some data, the RoboForex broker profile will already appear here along with the individual.
- In the new build 1.4.1, we've added something called Broker Profile, which allows us to simplify the overall setup and download of data with predefined configuration.
- Now, let's demonstrate in practice how to import a broker profile for a broker that is not in the default menu.

## People Mentioned


- [[Concrete Time Frame]]

- [[Broker Profile]]




## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (2629 words)</summary>

In the following video, I'm going to show and explain to you the necessary basics for setting up the data. Understanding data is the most crucial thing to trade properly, so please do not skip it. Even though this video is a bit longer, you can switch between individual chapters in case you want to skip any parts. Now let's start with data theory. We can have data for individual markets like Forex, Futures, Stock Indexes, or Cryptocurrencies. However, the key thing for us is to understand the data precision. Precision tells us how precise the backtest will be, meaning how closely the data represents the historical movements of market. In this group, we have Closing Price Only, Concrete Time Frame or OHLC, One Minute Data, and Tick Data Precision. Now, this is a Closing Price Only chart. These are typically charts that you might see, for example, in a newspaper. There's a straight line that connects the maximum or closing prices. For example, it's the price of a stock, and for each day, we have one point where that price closed, and we have that connected into one straight line. We can, theoretically, use such data to test our strategies, but the results would be disparately inaccurate. Next, we have Open, High, Low, Close. OHLC gives us one candle for each period, the so-called time frame, which, as you know, can be a day, an hour, a minute, or five minutes, etc. For this chart, specifically, it is a day that shows us the minimum, maximum, opening, and closing price. Each candle has what is called a body and wicks. When the candle is white, meaning rising for that day, there is an open here, a daily low here, a high up here, and close here. With a black candle, open and close are the other way around. This is already much more accurate data, but in some cases, it may not be enough, so we have to go even further to the accuracy of M1, or the one-minute time frame. And that's something we go for. This chart is specifically one hour. That is, each candle tells us how the market behaved in that particular hour, what low and high it reached, where it closed, and where it opened. And if we take one candle for us, that means we have all the details, so the opening, closing, minimum, and maximum price for each minute within that entire candle. For each candle in the chart, we do not have only four details. We have 60 times more, because we know open, high, low, and close for every minute within the hour. So we always use one-minute precision when we test. It's a little bit slower, but again, we get much more reliable results. And there is also one more data precision called tick data. Tick data is even more accurate than the minute data. It records absolutely every movement that ever happened. It's as fast as 10 movements per second. It takes up an incredibly large amount of disk space, and a single market will take 10 gigabytes or more. For our purposes, this precision is not necessary when we are developing strategies for higher time frames like M15, M30, or H1 or H4. However, in some cases, tick data precision can provide the most accurate backtest. In the following video, we take a look at how broker profiles work and how to import them into StrategyQuant. In the new build 1.4.1, we've added something called Broker Profile, which allows us to simplify the overall setup and download of data with predefined configuration files so that to make backtesting and subsequent work with the data as simple as possible. First, I'll go through the interface, and then I will explain each feature. The Broker Profile can be found under a separate tab in the Data Manager. The first button adds a new Broker Profile. This button also allows you to automatically download these predefined broker profiles from our server. And this third button imports instruments exported using the script, and the next button exports the sessions from the script. Then, this button allows export a ticker list for a given broker, because in Broker Profile, we can set up not only CFDs, but we have also unified the ticker settings for each broker. It allows you to delete these records in bulk, but please note that these default broker profiles cannot be deleted. Subsequently, the entire broker profile can be saved or loaded. The Broker Profile is designed so that already when downloading, it is possible to define an individual broker profile. This simplifies work with the overall instrument setup. It saves disk space because when you set up a broker profile, for example, from DucasCopy, the time zone will be automatically redefined according to the broker. This way, you don't have to download data from DucasCopy in the original UDC time zone and clone it later. This makes the overall work with the data simple and more straightforward. For example, if I want to download a ticker for FTMO, I choose the source ticker from the DucasCopy broker. Here, I'm going to show it on the S&P indexes, for example, and I will enter the FTMO postfix. Then I choose the ticker that I want to trade at FTMO, and I see it's the US500. That ticker is then added to my strategy quant. It is also possible to filter profiles by the broker. Now, if I click on Download, it will download the data for the last six months. The source data will be from DucasCopy, but the settings will be according to FTMO. Please note that using this setup achieves higher accuracy, but the recommended way is always to import the data directly from your broker where you will be trading. This will achieve maximum accuracy. With the data selected in this way, you can easily adjust the data. However, there may be slight variations, say, plus or minus about 5%. However, the precision of the backtest should be significantly higher than if we use different tick, pip, step, and size values. The same comes when downloading data from Darwinix. Again, here we can set our target broker and the appropriate postfix we want to add for the instrument. This will make the data easier to work with and easier to identify in tester and builder. If we are importing data directly from a broker, we just need to enter our ticker, select it from the menu of that broker, and assign the specific ticker to the data we want to import. This way, the whole process is simplified as much as possible and allows us to set values like swap or spread in a more straight way. So, that's it for the introduction of broker profiles. Now, let's demonstrate in practice how to import a broker profile for a broker that is not in the default menu. We will look at how to export the relevant XML and how to import a given broker. We need to find the Stratiquan installation folder where we copy the script to the MetaTrader 5 folder. At the moment, the script is available for MetaTrader 5, but in the next release 1.4.2, we will add support for MetaTrader 4 as well. However, it is possible to use the script for MT5 and then use the data for MetaTrader 4. But it is currently only available for MetaTrader 5. Right-click on the script, select Copy and copy the script to MetaTrader. I recommend copying both files with the EX5 file being the important one. Click on Open Data folder, go to the Scripts folder and copy both files there. I then click on Scripts in the Navigator, select Refresh and the script will appear in MetaTrader. I open a new window and paste the script there. Now, I will go through the complete script setup. You can see that it's set up for build 1.4.1. The overall instrument settings are calculated for a single size. We leave that as the default. If you are using commissions, they are set as size-based, so for the entire single lot. This means that if the broker lists commissions per entry, we have to calculate them twice, once for entry and once for exit. In this case, however, it is easier to enter commissions per size. You can usually find the commission value on your broker's website. For simplicity, I leave the value 0 here, but I recommend asking your broker or visiting your broker's website to check how much the commission is per lot. Most of the time, it is between $4 and $7. Some brokers have higher commissions, but on the other hand, do not charge swaps. It's simply individual to the broker. Unfortunately, this value cannot be obtained automatically, so we have to enter it manually. This setting indicates whether we want to enable or disable a spread export in a given export. With this setting, we can also multiply the spread, so adjust the raw spread value. This is because the script will export all the current values, and if we export these values, we should do it during a normal, usual trading session. It is not recommended to export data, for example, on the weekend or around the closing hours, because during these periods, the spreads are stretched, which could negatively affect the results of our backtest. Therefore, I recommend using this setup during the main trading session and recommend multiplying the raw spread by at least value 2. Slippage is exported in pips. It has been our experience with some brokers, such as Dukascopy, specifically for indexes, that the slippage value can be high. Often, it is in multiples of hundreds to thousands, because this value is also multiplied by the tick size value. It is therefore necessary to export the values as they are. For these brokers, the value is then given in points, which can be slightly confusing, so it's good to take this into account. This setting also allows you to export a swap, which is the recommended value that we usually leave as default. Another option is to adjust the trading hours, for example, by plus or minus one hour. However, in this case, we leave the default value at zero. During development, we had to add some delay, because we have to query the broker server for correct calculations. When we queried too often, the values did not come up correctly. That's why we added the following delays, which we leave as default. This value is used to calculate decimals, which we also leave in the default settings. I recommend leaving the debug mode setting on. If you have any problems, you will find a complete error listing in the expert's log, which you can email to us for further analysis. This setting allows you to group sessions by category. However, for the default setting, I recommend leaving this option off and having a session for each instrument separately. Another setting allows you to filter out sessions that are empty. Occasionally, it happens that the broker does not provide the correct information, so we have added this setting to allow the script to filter these situations easily. If the broker uses postfixes or prefixes, you can specify them here so that they do not appear in the subsequent export. However, in this case, we do not use them. The last setting allows you to automatically convert certain instrument names to other names. I recommend deleting this option and leaving everything as it is. Once everything is ready, we can do the export. After clicking on OK, the script will start working accordingly how many instruments we have entered in MarketWatch. If you would like to export all the symbols, you click on Show All and do the export. The script will then export all the values for that particular broker. However, I do not recommend this procedure too much. It is always better to select only the symbols you want to export, for example, by chosen industry or category. If the broker has some specific conditions, for example, certain instruments are not tradable, a message like this may appear. This indicates that trading of this instrument is prohibited by that broker. So, now we see that the script has run out and is ready to import the settings. The script has exported several files to the Files folder, specifically MQL5 files, and here we have two folders created. First is QuantAnalyzer. This folder exports the predefined symbol settings for QuantAnalyzer, and we should copy this file to the QuantAnalyzer settings folder and overwrite the default file. This will give us the ability to use the predefined values directly in QuantAnalyzer. And second one, StrategicQuant. This folder is of particular interest to us. I copy the whole path, highlight it in the address bar, and press Ctrl plus C. I am now in StrategicQuant and preparing to import the test broker profile. For this example, I will use Roboforex. Although I already have Roboforex set up, I will create it again for testing purposes. I enter the name RoboforexTesting and possibly add some description, although this is not necessary. I select the time zone in which the broker operates. If you are unsure of the time zone, I recommend contacting the broker support and asking what time zone their servers are in and what they use, they like saving settings. Then I enter the instrument data postfix, which is a unique designation that is added after each instrument so that they can be easily identified. Click on Save and the broker profile is added. You see this as the first entry in the list. Now I click on Import Broker Instrument, copy the path from the address bar, click on Update Instrument Information, select which broker profile I want to import the data into, and then the postfix is automatically assigned. I can select all available instruments or just the ones I want to import. Click on Start Import and StrategicQuant processes the data. And we can see that 91 instruments have been imported. Repeat the same procedure for sessions. Click on RoboForex Testing, then on Sessions, and import all these sessions from the list or just the ones you need. However, it is important that the number of instruments and the number of sessions match, so always import the sessions along with the corresponding instruments. Click on Import and everything went fine. You can see that 91 sessions have been imported. Now, if I went to Data and selected the option to download some data, the RoboForex broker profile will already appear here along with the individual tick, pip, step, and size settings. Now let's see how to change the commission settings in bulk or slippage for all instruments at once. Let's go to the instrument settings. Select a specific broker profile. In this case, I select RoboForex Testing, which we use when setting up the broker profile. I will select all the instruments for which I want to change the settings. Click on Mass Edit Instruments. We will be enabled the settings we want to edit. For example, I click on Edit Default Commission and Default Slippage. For the sake of illustration, I will change the values. I will set slippage to value 2 and commission to 10. Then I click Save and Stratiq 1 automatically changes all the values at once. This way, I don't have to edit each instrument individually. That would be all to set. I believe everything was illustrative and easy to understand. And if you have any questions, drop us a line in the comments.

</details>
