---
title: "20Sales How to Layer Enterprise Sales on PLG  How to Sell AI Tools To Enterpris 1c85f7a0-9"
people_mentioned: ["Harry Stebbins", "Kim Graves", "North America"]
channel: "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"
video_id: "1c85f7a0-999d-4998-9838-39169a4a175c"
url: "https://open.spotify.com/episode/1c85f7a0-999d-4998-9838-39169a4a175c"
publish_date: 2025-06-27
duration: "1:17:24"
word_count: 13874
content_type: "tutorial"
delivery_mode: "technique"
broad_category: "ai"
subcategories: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics"]
series_name: ""
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Harry Stebbins"
host_names: []
interviewer_names: []
interviewee_profiles: []
speaker_profiles: ["Harry Stebbins - Anthropic"]
organizations_mentioned: ["The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: []
companies_mentioned: ["Anthropic", "Salesforce"]
topics: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics", "b2b-marketing", "lead-generation"]
tags: []
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (13874 words)</summary>

This is 20 Sales with me, Harry Stebbins. Now, 20 Sales is the monthly show where we sit down with the best sales leaders in the world to discuss how they start and scale sales teams successfully. Today, we have one of the best joining us, Kim Graves. Kim leads sales, pre-sales, customer success, and renewals at Notion, where she recently spearheaded record-breaking 2024 growth and led the expansion of Notion's AI-powered go-to-market strategy across North America. She's also held incredible roles at Slack, where she spent an incredible seven years, and Salesforce, and she also co-founded 20 Sales, where she's invested in some of the best go-to-market technologies. But before we dive into the show today, is your finance team a cost center tied up in enforcing policies bogged down by cumbersome processes and drowning in operational busywork? Well, what if you could unlock seamless, strategic finance that actually fuels your business growth? This is why leading global growth companies use Payhawk, the finance orchestration platform that unifies global spend management with conversational AI to deliver best user experience for everybody dealing with company spending. Finance teams using Payhawk report a major shift from operational to strategic work. New AI agents for each finance role handle the busywork, acting with the same governance as your finance team, like having a small team of expert assistants that work 24-7, but also providing an exceptional user experience to your employees. Payhawk is built for growth and enterprise businesses that operate globally. No six-month implementations, no consultant dependencies, just immediate finance transformation that scales with your business. Leading growth companies like Vinted, Wallbox, and hundreds more across 32 countries use Payhawk to move finance forward, not just keep up. Ready to turn your finance processes into a competitive advantage? Payhawk is offering a staggering 30% discount to everybody switching from a qualifying expense management or company card provider who mentioned the 20 VC podcast. Visit payhawk.com forward slash switch to learn more and make the intelligent switch today. And speaking of incredible companies, let's talk about Brex, the ultimate financial stack for startups. So when Brex was founded, it wasn't just about creating another financial product, it was about solving the really gritty challenges that founders face daily. Let's be honest, building something from the ground up is hard enough without dealing with clunky outdated banks that pile on fees and leave your cash idle. Brex is different. It's the financial stack that scales with you no matter where you are in your journey, from corporate cards to maximizing your runway to earning yield on your cash. Brex was designed with founders in mind to make every dollar go further so you can focus on building. And here's what really stands out to me. Brex combines the best of checking, treasury, and FDIC insurance in one powerhouse account. You can send and receive money globally at lightning speed, earn yield from day one and still access your funds whenever you need. Plus, with 20X the standard protection through program banks, your cash is not just working harder, it's working safer too. It's no surprise that one in three venture-backed startups in the US, with companies like Anthropic, Coinbase, and Robinhood, I mean, my God, these companies are incredible. Trust Brex to help them grow. If you wanna join the smartest startups on the planet, head over to brex.com forward slash startups and see what they can do for you. AppSumo started with one simple idea. The tools you need to grow your business shouldn't put you out of business. That's why they work directly with developers to get exclusive discounts of 80 to 90%, 80 to 90% off software, saving entrepreneurs over half a billion dollars since 2010. Some of the biggest names in tech like Mailchimp, Zapier, and Dropbox got their start on AppSumo. And with a rotating selection of hundreds of tools, you'll find all the software you need to make your life easier in 2025. Plus, with a 60-day money-back guarantee, you can try any tool risk-free. Start the year off with savings. Get 10% off your first order with the code 20LOWERCASEVC and a free tool exclusively for 20VC listeners. That's code 20LOWERCASEVC for 10% off plus a free tool at AppSumo.com. You have now arrived at your destination. Kim, I am so excited for this. We've been friends for a few years now, and I've wanted to make this happen for a while. So thank you so much for joining me today. I learned so much from your shows, Harry. I'm excited to be here. I'll pay you later. That's incredibly kind of you to say. Listen, I wanna start with your first sales role. What was your first sales role? And if you could go back to the Kim who took that job on the first day, what would you tell yourself, knowing all that you know now? Well, the interesting thing about my first sales role is I didn't realize it was a sales role until I accepted the job and was in the role. I would say my first customer-facing role was at my mom's beauty salon, where I was picking up the phone, talking to customers, answering their questions and booking appointments. And I went to university for marketing. I landed my first job outside of school at a tech startup in a marketing role. And it was there that I started hearing whispers about a local founder in Vancouver who was starting his next gig. And that was Stuart Butterfield. And he was starting Slack. And I became obsessed. I read everything about Slack. I read all of their customer tweets. I read all of their blog posts. I saw on their website that they were hiring their first account manager. Now, I didn't know what an account manager was, but I saw they were looking for someone with great communication skills. And I figured I've got that. So I threw my application in cold on their careers page. I went through a few interviews and I got the job. And it was in the job that I realized that the account manager role was an account executive, a solutions engineer, and a customer success manager, all in one, helping our customers. From that point forward, I've been in sales ever since. Now I lead our go-to-market team across the Americas at Notion. That's quite a big ask for a first role, isn't it? So, okay, take me back to that first day. What would you tell yourself knowing all that you know now? You get your Slack email address, day one. I would tell myself, be confident. I would say that especially in getting into the customer calls and when the customer calls got hard. Because it was easy enough to talk to someone who loved using Slack, loved the product, but then as soon as they asked for a discount or they had an objection, like they were evaluating Slack with a competitor, I started to feel a little bit more insecure. I would say to myself, you've got this. It's all in confidence in how you present yourself and just be confident. You got this role for a reason and learn as much as you can. I totally agree with you on the confidence, having fundraised. Confidence is everything. Also, I also just say, what is the worst that could happen? You don't actually get the sale. It's fine. There's more clients, bluntly. It's okay. Can I ask you, you mentioned that discount. My whole desire with this conversation was to have a very natural conversation. It is a really awkward thing, especially when you're earlier in your career, when someone's pushing for a discount. Yes. What would you advise a young A rep when that awkward conversation of a discount comes up? My advice is don't treat it as awkward. Treat it as any other conversation that you're having with the customer. Early stages of a deal, you lean into discovery and that's where you're learning about them. Asking questions and things typically seem very friendly. As soon as you get to the negotiation stage, instead of thinking about it as a tense conversation, think about it as another conversation because your customer is going to feel your energy. So if your energy is, oof, I don't know if they're gonna like this price or this is expensive, I'm scared what they're gonna say, they're gonna feel that energy. Whereas if you just go in and you say, so we've been talking for a while, here's the value that I'm hearing that we can bring to you and here are the problems that we're solving. This is what it's gonna cost and pause and just see what they say. Cause they're probably gonna say something like, whoa, this is expensive. And instead of going into defending your product and why the price is the price, go back into question asking, go into like, okay, tell me more. Why do you think it's expensive? What do you think is the right price to pay? And then just treat it as that conversation to understand how can both parties seek mutual value here? Absolutely love the waiting for their response. I think so many people have a little bit of silence and then interject with, but I'm sure there's something we could do. I'm sure there's some way that we could change that or what can I do? And it instantly breeds this desperation if it sounds bluntly too direct. I was gonna add, and that's actually something that we've brought into our sales process here at Notion. So when you're building a sales process, it's very typical to think about the stages of the deal. Stage one, qualify the deal. Stage two, do discovery. Stage five is negotiation. Stage seven is closed one. Instead of calling it those stages, we actually think about the mindset in each of those stages because that's what we want our sellers to embody. It makes for a much more adaptable mindset than just having the exit criteria or the check boxes that a seller needs to do at each stage of the deal. So as an example, at stage two, we call that the curious investigator. So we expect our sellers to embody being a curious investigator that researches the heck out of their customers, understands how they make money, ask questions from a place of genuine curiosity. And then just what we were saying about stage five, negotiation, instead of calling it negotiation, we expect our sellers to embody the mindset of a value articulator. So how are you truly articulating the value of your product? It's a nuance, but I don't know if you think about this even in podcast hosting, where instead of thinking about the content that you're going to ask, it's actually thinking about what's the tone, the body language, the feeling that I wanna give off in this conversation because people often say they'll remember how you made them feel versus what you actually said. I actually think that the best investors started life in some form of interviewing capacity because you have this similar dynamic where you have three to five minutes at the beginning of each show, where you have to make the guests feel very comfortable. You have to show some form of vulnerability and really allow them to feel like it's the space of no judgment. Exactly the same like with a founder when you're investing, if you create that no judgment zone, they'll bring their whole self to the meeting, they'll open up about missing Q1 last year and why and what failed. And you have to have that in both interviewing and in investing. I agree, you need to create that psychological safety. If you're creating a fear-based environment or you don't have that safety, people are not gonna tell you the real answer. They're gonna hold back. The best shows founders just scribble scribble notes and you said about these seven stages and we have stage one, which is qualify, stage two, which is curious investigator. How do reps fuck up curious investigator? What's a good versus a bad question? You have to have a sense of what's going on when you really love the product that you're selling. This was the same at Slack and at Notion where we love selling the product and our customers who are using the product love hearing about the product and the features. What mistake sellers make early on is they'll talk about the product. They'll have premature pitching syndrome. And so it's hard to stay in this zone of let's just ask questions and let's actually not even talk about the product. We've seen of what makes the company great? What makes that person great? What are their new challenges that they're coming up against? What are the biggest risks that might prevent them from getting there? And just like really leading into that conversation without talking about your product at all. And we record all of these calls. Yes, we record all of these calls. We have both Gong, which records the calls and the video but we also use Notion AI internally to transcribe those calls. Okay, so we have that with this curious investigator. We asked loads of questions. What's stage three? Stage three is solution design. This is when you start to talk about your solution and start to think through where can your solution help them based on the problems that you've heard. The key here is not taking all of that research and discovery that you've just done and then completely neglecting it and just talking about all of the wonderful problems that your solution solves for. It's actually starting to connect the pieces or if you're hearing pieces that they're actually not within your wheelhouse or like that's not what you do best at. It's also being honest and being the challenging skeptic to say like, is this deal really gonna go anywhere or should we part ways? How uniform or similar is your solution's design between customers? We often hear about a sales playbook which makes us think that you could bluntly press play and it's kind of the same pattern in terms of, hey, well, here's our solution and these are all the problems it solves. How uniform are they versus how custom are they? So I've spent my career at PLG companies Slack and Notion which have great distribution across a whole host of different customers. You have students, you have communities, you have B2B companies across all industries, across all departments. The uniformity tends to start very general but the key here is ensuring that your sales team is very focused so that you can build or bring in the most successful customers and those customers tend to have patterns. When you are a PLG motion as efficient as Slack or Notion, do you choose the verticals that are the biggest in the PLG side of the business and go after them? And so what I mean by that is you look at Notion or Slack and you go, okay, financial services is a big component of our PLG users that also has budget. Let's go after them. Is that how it works? Not quite. And this is the common trap that PLG companies fall into because they'll typically look at their data and look at product usage signals and they'll use that product signal to figure out where should they focus. And so at Slack, we saw that our biggest workspaces were actually communities. They were professional networks that were using Slack to trade best practices. There were student groups that were using Slack to work on projects. And the sales team was tempted to sell them because our sales team was using product-led growth signals and seeing what are the biggest workspaces because lots of active members translated to lots of licenses. And it was very important that we actually remained focused on the biggest customers that had the most value from the product. And so that wasn't necessarily communities because when you think of communities, it's a very different post-sales motion. The values that you're seeking are different than if you were selling to a company. It would have led your product roadmap in a very different direction because you would have had to invest in features like inappropriate message flagging within a community. Those groups also don't have a lot of money. And so while they might've had a lot of licenses, there's not a lot of budget to unlock there. And so we made a very deliberate decision to not focus on communities. That was great if they were using Slack from a product-led growth motion, they were using our freemium product, but from a B2B sales motion, we were very focused on selling to B2B. If I'm a PLG founder listening to you today and I've got a load of great users all through a PLG motion and I wanna layer on top an enterprise sales motion, what do I do now? Do we just start randomly outbounding people in our PLG motion? What do I actually do, Kim? So if I was a founder and I had a PLG motion, so I saw that customers are already using my product, I would start doing a lot of interviews and I would interview all of those customers. And I would understand what motivated them to try the product. How are they using it today? How do they see it fitting into their business priorities and what they're ultimately trying to drive as a business or if it's a consumer, as a consumer? I would start to put in the pieces of what do those customers look at? And instead of looking at the product-led growth signals, which is the common trap, I would actually look at the firmographic details. What's a firmographic detail? It's like, what is the industry that they're operating in? How big is their company? Where are they located? Are they located in major cities or are they located in a certain geographical area? Basically everything outside of your product that you could use to describe them. And then going even deeper inside of those companies, if you are B2B, who are the personas in those companies that are getting the most value? And I would use that to work backwards to figure out who is getting the most value that unlocks the most budget that we should be focusing on. Does that need to be the founder or can it be a head of sales that I bring in? If I'm a brilliant tech product person and I've built this great product-led growth motion, but I'm like, fuck that. That sounds like a lot of interviews and stuff that I don't wanna do. Can I hire that in or should I be the one who's building out that discovery ICP? Well, I wouldn't even call it, well, I guess it is, it's ICP. It's figuring out who is your ideal customer profile. And I strongly believe it's the founder because that's not only gonna guide your go-to-market strategy, it's also gonna guide your product roadmap. And where do you continue to lean in? So back to my Slack example, we actually didn't lean into community roadmap features. We leaned into B2B specifically for our distribution as we went upmarket. And your messaging, your messaging is so impacted by it. And I think that's so important. Yes, exactly. Having the founder start to build sales initially that helps bring intuition into the product, it also helps to figure out who to hire for. Like if you don't know who your ideal customer profile is or what kind of sales motion is going to work for your company, how do you know who you're gonna hire as a sales leader who will actually bring your business to the next level? Okay, so we're having a coffee. I mean, this is sadly a virtual coffee, but we're having a coffee in Palo Alto and you're advising me, imagine I'm technical, which is quite a stretch, I know. But I'm this technical product founder who's built this great PLG motion. Okay, fine, I'll do the ICP discovery process that we mentioned there and I'll ask the questions. Now that I have this ICP in mind, can I dip my toe in enterprise and give it a go or do I need to invest full scale? What do you mean by full scale? Well, like do I need to hire out reps and a sales leader and put millions of dollars to work? Or can I just like bluntly dip my toe in and see if we get many customers? My biggest advice for the early stages of building a sales team is thinking through it as if you were thinking through a manufacturing supply chain. And this idea comes from the HBR article of the sales learning curve. Have you read it? This is Montrebaix. It's a Harvard Business Review, but I highly recommend founders to read this article because it talks about the stages of building a sales team. And the earliest stage of building a sales team is not looking for traditional coin-operated reps that are gonna come in and just build the sales playbook for you. The earliest stages are actually about learning, similar to how if you were bringing a manufacturing product to market, like you were selling bathing suits, your first 10 that you make are going to be really expensive, but you're gonna learn a lot in making those first 10 bathing suits. That's like when you're hiring sales. Your first few sales reps, say three to four sales reps, it's gonna be very costly because you're not gonna know what they're exactly doing, but we call them the Renaissance reps, where they're generalists, they're adaptable, they're highly skilled in communicating and collaborating with the internal stakeholders at your company, that being marketing, product, engineering, and talking to customers. And that's where you learn the most. Are they quite early in their career? Are they a little bit more mature and senior? Just where are they in their career? I've found it's a little bit of both and it's not as a matter of like where they are in their career because I think you wanna build a diverse sales team. And so typically you hire three to four reps. Some could be earlier on their career, but I've shown a high aptitude for learning. And then others can be potentially making a career switch or they're really excited about building. And that's the thing, they're not excited about just making a lot of money because that's not the point in the first year of sales. They're actually really excited about learning and building something and bringing the mission forward. Okay, and so we have these three to four, great. If we actually just dig into that process then, I'm a technical product led founder, I don't know how to hire a rep. What do I do? Where do I source the candidates from first? So if I'm a founder, I would make sure that I have some great go-to-market advisors on my board or in my arena. And I would talk to them and learn, what do they look for in hiring great early sellers? What are the key competencies that are important to look for? And knowing the business and the unique aspects of your business, what's important to that business to double down on? So if it's a certain industry that you're selling into, perhaps it's some industry knowledge. I can't think of another example, but it's like starting to define what that looks like because I think a common mistake is not knowing what you're looking for and then just relying on heuristics that can lead you astray. Heuristics like they come from a big flashy company so they must be a great seller or heuristics like they're a great communicator and presenter, customers are gonna love them. That's surface level, like you really need to dig in to what are the key competencies that you should be looking for. And when I'm talking to early stage founders, there's three competencies that I think are really important. The first is high motivation. The second is effective at problem solving. And the third is a continuous learner. If you start to define what those competencies look like, then you can start figuring out what is your process, what are the questions that you can ask so that you can figure out whether that's a great hire for your business. How do you know if someone's a good problem solver? Without being direct to me like, Kim, are you a good problem solver? Yes, I'm very good, very good at problems. This is where past behavior is the best predictor of future behavior. So asking for stories and examples of how they've solved problems in the past. Questions that I really like are, tell me about a time you weren't set up for success. Because then you can also start to hear, not only did they solve that problem, but did they take accountability or were they a victim in that scenario? Another line of question that I really like is, tell me about a really big challenge that you had to overcome. Great, tell me another challenge that was really hard that you had to figure out the right path forward. And you'll start to see like, is there a pattern of them taking an ambiguous problem and just finding a way to persevere and get to a great outcome? I totally agree. Over time, one of my biggest like turn-offs with hires is when everything's just someone else's fault. Totally. I get it, it's not always your fault, but there's just also a way to do it. The instant, well, it wasn't me, but, and it's like... Exactly. Because it will be everything from like, we didn't have enough inbound or my manager left and I didn't know what to do. And so those are the places where you're like, okay, so what did you do? Quit. I didn't want to do the responsible thing and I left the job. Okay, you mentioned that like they're great storytellers, they're great salespeople and customers all love them. One way to do that is like demos or case studies. Do you do demos and case studies and any lessons on what works and what doesn't there? Yes, we do. Especially for our sellers in commercial and mid-market, we expect them to be very well versed in the product. And so we'll ask them to research our product and let's do a case scenario where we're going to be a customer, you're going to pretend to be the account executive selling our product, and let's go through a first call to see what that sounds like. What we're looking for is what are the questions that they're asking? Can they adapt and learn about what we're selling and the actual problems that we're solving? And then without any training, how far can they get with our product? And that's another example of assessing problem solving. Like can they be resourceful and do this without a lot of guidance? Do you give them much prep time? Is that like a week's notice? Few days. Because the other thing is like we need to move fast. We need to get hires and so we can't draw out our hiring process. We want to get hires in fast. We give them a few days because we also want to see how can they be a pace setter? How can they deliver with short time deliverables? Because that's going to be the reality of the environment that they're operating when they're getting here. How do people most mess up demos or case studies? I would say there are two ways. The first is a lack of preparation. A lack of preparation, research, and actually doing their homework to come up with a polished first meeting. And so I'm looking for, did they look at our customer stories and read through all of our customer stories? Did they watch all of the videos that we've published about what we're trying to solve? Did they actually sign up for the product and start using it themselves to see what it feels like? And so you can see where someone put a lot of time, put a lot of effort in actually learning, or they sort of just winged it or relied on a playbook that they've used before. And then I would say the second place that people mess up is thinking on their fee. That's very important in sales. We say a seller needs to be audible ready. So if we throw them off, what do they do? If we, as an example, give an objection and we say, hey, do you offer discounts? And they just make something up and they're like, yes, we offer a 40% discount. And they like cave under pressure. Then we're like, ah. Or if we ask them a technical question and they just make up an answer versus saying like, hey, let me get back to you. Those are some areas where we're like, okay, there's an integrity piece here and can they really think on their feet and adapt? Do you have a hiring panel when it comes to deciding whether to hire or not hire? Yes, we do. Early stages, it's a lot of cross-functional partners. So it's not just sellers on the team, but also looking at the partners that they would be working with most closely. It's similar, but we have a few people on the panel and we ensure that we have laid out what are the competencies that we're looking for so that we all know what we're looking for. And so now you've decided you're gonna hire me. Okay, fantastic. Very excited for this potential job. When it comes to the comp negotiation, switch sides of the table. If you were to advise an AE or a rep on how to handle comp negotiation, maybe I'm British and so we're just awkward talking about money. But it's a bit of an awkward one, but I do want the most money, obviously. How should I approach that in the right way, which doesn't come across as money grabbing, but is also authoritative? The expectations are set upfront, especially in the US. You can see what the comp ranges are for all of our jobs. And so it's important to also see as like a seller, okay, does that range meet what I'm looking for? And then what I would say at a company that's a startup or scale up, if you're just looking to maximize your OTE, that's probably not the best place. Like go to one of the large giants because that's where you're going to maximize your OTE. You also want to think about the equity and the full package. It depends on where you are in your career. Like early days, I actually think it's a big miss to just focus on comp and to not focus on the bigger picture. Because if you're at a fast growing company that is doing really well, your equity is going to be way more meaningful than your OTE. Totally agree with you. I think it's one of the big problems actually with Europe, which is we don't focus on actually very much too. I mean, even lesser than the US and you really see that in building out, especially at sales and marketing teams. So if we fast forward then, and we think about the onboarding process for a new rep, what are your biggest lessons in how to onboard reps effectively? Because it's a really hard thing to do for a new founder. So my biggest advice is to think about the key outcomes that you're looking for the seller to achieve in the early days. And oftentimes it's not like they make their first huge sale. It's actually looking at the leading indicators before that. And we're actually redesigning our onboarding program at Notion and what I really like about it is we're thinking about the key outcomes that we expect our sellers to learn in the first few weeks. As an example, one of the first key outcomes is learning how to prioritize their book of business. What are the accounts that they're gonna focus on that deserves the time and the attention to ensure that we're focusing on the right accounts? When you think about the right accounts where you can actually do that very customized tailored approach, how big are those contracts? They have to be big enough. Is that like 100K plus? Is it 50K plus? We say $100,000 plus. And that's actually a really good question because I think it's important to have a dual focus as a seller. So you have your strategic deals that are $100,000 and above, but you also have your velocity deals that are more tried and true. So those are like your 20, 50K deals that you know you can win and that are less risky. And I've seen that where if you have a diversified portfolio, similar to financial advising, like you don't wanna just focus on the highest risk stock. Like you wanna make sure you have a diversified portfolio. I bring that mentality into sales to think about, okay, in your week, in your months, as you're planning your path to target, what are the accounts that you should be focused on? You should have a few big bet accounts that are gonna get you the 100,000 or million dollar deals. And then you should have the tried and true accounts that you know that these are the customers that typically evaluate more quickly. You know you can win them. There are all the right signals here for you and ensure that you're not minimizing focus on those accounts. And so that you build this pipeline that can reliably get you to your number. Does that go against the traditional structure of sales teams where there's like real enterprise sales people who just handle like the mega mega accounts? Does that advice go against that? That's a good question. And no, I would say this is diversified within your portfolio of the segment that you're selling into. So if you're a commercial seller selling to SMB, your big accounts might actually be like the $50,000 accounts and above while still making sure that you're knocking out the 10 to $20,000 deals. If you're an enterprise seller, it's most likely like your big accounts are those million dollar deals and the velocity accounts are like the 50, the 100K deals that you're bringing in. How fast do you put reps on with customers in terms of that customer facing interaction? They're not ready the first day. Is it the first month? Is it the first week? What does that look like in terms of like, yep, green light for you to lead a sales deal? So I have different answers depending on the stage of your company. Early days, like as the first account manager at Slack, I was on customer calls on day two. It was just like, get in there. You're adaptable. Start talking to customers. Now at Notion, we think about like, what are the checkpoints that we need them to meet before being in front of a customer? And I'm a big fan of mock scenarios. So instead of having your first discovery meeting or your first pitch in front of a real customer, you're doing that with your manager or you're doing that with your onboarding cohort so that you can practice it. And then once your manager says, yes, you are ready, then you can start working with your customers directly. Totally agree. I actually think this is where AI can be really exciting in terms of like being that AI coach, mock interview. Do it on your phone and even in chat, so to speak. Really interesting ways you can see that happen. When you are a young rep, should you be responsible? And this is a bigger question. Should you be responsible for your own demand gen and pipe gen when you are an AE? 100%. Every sales team I've led or account executives are responsible for their pipeline. And they're responsible for their pipeline because they're also responsible for their number. While they may have resources like a business development rep to help them build their pipeline, they are, at the end of the day, the ones that have to figure out, what does that motion look like? How do I want to coach my BDR to be really effective in my book of business? Where do I see the accounts that we should prioritize? Who are the key stakeholders that we need to map in order to build consensus? And what is the messaging that is tailored to that customer that we're going after? Especially for the big deals, like personalization to the nth degree is really important. Otherwise, you're not going to get a meeting. Also, just like the little things go a long way, like commenting on several LinkedIn posts. Awesome to see. People recognize continuity of commenting. I have it today. We obviously have lots of comments. But the people that consistently comment, I'm like, I almost feel like I know them. And when they then message me after 10 comments, I'm like, I'm much more likely to respond. It's impressive. I agree. You can get very strategic in your outbound playbook. And it's on the seller to really understand that. We're also diversified in our channels. We're not just emailing. We're cold calling. We're using LinkedIn. We're using warm connections from LinkedIn sales navigator. And it's on the sales, it's on the account executive to be that quarterback and understand, who do we need to get in front of? And then how do I divide and conquer with my BDR if you happen to have a BDR? You basically become a professional stalker. I totally get you. I agree. I am brilliant, actually, at sales. I was going to say, Harry, you are brilliant. The fact that on the 53rd email, you got Mark Benioff to come on your show is so impressive, because that's the other trick with outbound pipelining. You just have to keep going. Just because you don't get a response on your first, your second, your third, your seventh, you've got to keep going. But this is why anyone who's done door to door sales, I think, is actually getting the best training ground ever, because no one opens the door and is like, yeah, you've just come into my own personal space now on my front doorstep. Yeah, sell me something. It is the best training ground for rejection. Totally. And you build empathy for the people around. Yes, exactly. Totally. You mentioned the words account prioritization there. My question on that was, is it just who's the biggest dollar number attached to them? Is there a right way to think about account prioritization other than just sheer size of contract? Yes. This is where I'd go back to the firmographic data points to figure out what are the firmographic data points that signal the best long-term customers for your business. Those can be industry, company size, location, what their tech stack looks like, everything outside of your product. And then if you are a product-led growth company, what are the other product signals that signal to you that you can accelerate this expansion, this upsell, or this deal, and then using those signals to figure out where do you focus your time? When you get a hire wrong, how fast do you think you can tell that they're wrong? Pretty fast. And I like this framework that I got from Winning by Design, the sales enablement program, where they talk about RECS, R-E-K-S, results, effort, knowledge, and skills. And it's working through that to understand where are we going wrong with this rep. So if they're not hitting the results, they're not hitting the pipeline or revenue results, then we work backwards. Do we see the effort? Are they putting in the emails, the meetings, in order to drive that pipeline? They could be high in volume, and if that's the case, then you look back further. OK, you look at skills. Are they prioritizing their accounts in the right way? So are they just completely prioritizing the wrong accounts? They're hammering them with emails and meetings, and they're just not going anywhere? Or is it other sales skills, like discovery? They're not asking the right questions to compel the customer to move forward with the evaluation? Or the negotiation calls are falling flat? Or the last place to look is the knowledge. Are they not coming off as credible in front of their customers because they're not speaking the customer language? Or are they not knowledgeable enough in the product to really understand where to take the conversation? Because when you think about starting to piece together what the actual problem is, that will help you figure out, can you coach this rep on that specific area? Or is this just not going to work out? What do you do in the case of, I've got results, effort, knowledge, skills? When you have that, very often I've had the results which often are there, the effort which can be there, the knowledge, they're super smart. But the skills, often they're just not. It's a misalignment. So a good example of this in sales would be like, you know what? They can close, and they probably have closed. Effort, they work really hard. Knowledge, they're super smart. But the skills, they're an enterprise seller, and you're doing a more SMB, high-velocity motion. They're not as charismatic maybe. They're more strategic. They're more academic and intellectual. And they're not that high-velocity seller. They've got everything except the actual human skills to do a high-velocity sales. Can you be off so badly in one that it's irredeemable? Yeah, well, I'd try and figure out, what is the negative consequence then? Is the negative consequence then that they are selling deals but they're not selling a high volume of deals? Because then I would argue that is a problem, and you need to look for a different skill set. Or it could be they're selling a lot of deals, but they're actually churn bombs. So they're bringing in bad deals. They're overselling. And when it gets to our customer success team, we're realizing those are not the right customers that are going to get long-term value from our product. And we need to figure out how we can implement better qualification. And so those are a few of the nuances that we would also want to look out for. I love that, churn bombs. I haven't heard that before. And so we learn pretty quickly. When we say pretty quickly, is it like two weeks? Is it like two months? How long do you actually know? It really depends. We keep track in our onboarding program. So like I said, we look at outcomes in the onboarding program. Okay, first check, did they prioritize their accounts correctly? Second check, how did they do in their mock call scenarios? And then you can tell pretty quickly of are we on the right path here? Or could this potentially be a miss hire? And then depending on the ramping period. So for enterprise reps, the ramping is longer than commercial reps. But I would still look at indicators like what we just talked about to figure out, is this gonna work? When you make a miss hire, reflect back on a miss hire, what did you not see that you should have seen? Honestly, I would say I actually saw it and I just felt the pressure of hiring quickly that I felt like I needed to hire the person. But what do you do in that case? Okay, so you go back to this founder scenario. I've got pressure from my VCs. They're telling me I need to hire salespeople. I need to hire salespeople. I need to hit revenue numbers. Sarah's great, but she's not the best. Should I just hire good, not great? No, because that is a very costly mistake and it's way more costly to have a bad hire. What I would do in that scenario is I would say like, okay, instead of lowering my hiring bar, we need to change something else within our hiring process. And usually that's we need to increase our hiring funnel and people coming in at the top of our funnel. And so I'd say if we're seeing five candidates a week and none of them are working out, we need to see 10 candidates next week to make sure that we're finding the right people. And there's a few ways to do that. So let's do hiring jams, where even though you ask people in your company who are the best referrals, make sure to refer them, we actually make it fun. We all say we're gonna do a hiring jam at 12 o'clock today. We're gonna order in donuts. Everyone opens their laptop and on LinkedIn, here is the query that we want you to search. Everyone go through everyone in their network to figure out who meets that query and let's start to strike a conversation with them. It's also tapping into your friendlies, tapping into your network to say like, can you please post this on LinkedIn? We're looking for an amazing seller to widen that pipeline and try to get more candidates into your pipeline so you have more of a selection. I always find the great people have two to three great friends who they're like, I've worked with them before. They are my ride or die partner. I would definitely work with them again. Great people always have that. I agree. And our most successful hires are referred people. Can I ask, is it difficult when you have a PLG motion and then you layer on top an enterprise motion because the sales team almost feels like second-class citizens? It is difficult because when you have a product-led growth motion, there's often the perception of the product sales itself. We don't need salespeople. It's gonna be way more efficient for us to just focus on product-led distribution. And this is the biggest mistake that PLG companies make. They are afraid to hire salespeople because they want to do it differently. And so if I think back to all of those founders, they eventually come around and realize that building sales is going to be vital to continue accelerating your company forward. You shouldn't try and reinvent the wheel when it comes to sales. And so it does require the first few sales leaders coming into the business to really educate the founders, the business around why sales is so important and how we can work together to make sure it's not product-led growth or sales. The best companies I've seen layer sales on top of product-led growth. At what point do you do outbound? When you have PLG, you have a huge amount of leads existing that are consumer users that you can try and convert into enterprise users. At what point do you go, okay, we're also gonna continue to convert them, but also proactively hunt net new enterprises? I would say it's always earlier than you think because you think your sales team needs inbound leads, whereas there is going to be a point where as you go up market, those customers do not buy without talking to a human. And you need to figure out without a product-led growth motion because executives of Fortune 100 companies aren't typically tinkering with the latest technology. They're focusing on their business priorities. They're focusing on how to drive the business forward. And you don't get in front of those people with a product-led motion. And so it's earlier than you think. I would say it's typically after your three or four renaissance reps that you're bringing in just to learn about the business, then start building outbound because it takes a while. It's gonna take longer than you think. And when I think back on my experience, it typically takes a year to figure out who are the accounts that were outbounding, who within those accounts care about what we're selling. What is the messaging that is gonna compel them to book a meeting with us? What outbound channel do you think is most underrated right now? Cold calling. Well, like, hello, Kim. It's Harris Devlin. Yes. Are you serious? I agree, yes. What makes you say that? Because I see it working and people don't do it. Cold calling is hard. It's way easier to send an email and get a rejection. That's easy. When you cold call someone and you get a rejection, that hurts. And so when you think about the other sellers around you in this landscape, they are not cold calling. So if you are putting yourself out there and cold calling, and oftentimes it's actually just leaving a message because a lot of people don't answer their phone and it's just leaving a message. So that audio memo also gets you top of mind for the people that you wanna get in front of. I think I'm so British. People call me like Hugh Grant, not because I'm suave and charismatic, because I'm a grumpy old man. I'll be like, Kim, Kim, you cold called me on a Friday? Where are you from? Notion? Yeah, I would say, fuck you. I'm so moody. You invade my phone? I'm pissed off now. That's so funny. I'm in awe that cold calling is it. Wow. Do you train people on cold calling? Of course, we have to. And we actually just did something at Notion where we hosted a global outbound day. And because cold calling is hard, no one wakes up and is like, I want a cold call. And I think it's even harder if you're sitting at home. So at Notion, we support a hybrid policy where we have our team coming in at least three days a week. And so we use one of those in office days to say, we're gonna make this fun. We're gonna cold call. And every single person on this team, including your sales leaders, are gonna get on these calls. And we're gonna start practicing what that sounds like. And we're gonna listen to the people who are actually able to book meetings. And it's way easier to be around your colleagues in person and get rejected. Because then you're like, ugh. And people will console you. But then when you actually get a win and you book a meeting, you're a hero. People are celebrating you. They're asking, how did you do it? We actually brought out prizes to make it even more fun. And so that's a way for us to start building the momentum because you can't do this from scratch. And you really need to create that celebratory collaborative environment to actually start seeing what works and what doesn't work. And you know what? It may not work, but you have to try it. I totally agree. You know what you also have there? You actually have lessons and knowledge transfer when you hear that Kim's repeatedly done that same messaging three times and it's worked. And it seems to really work. I'm gonna try the same. And then it's why I just hate remote though, sorry. It's because when you sit near customer support and you hear that everyone is complaining about X being there or Y being there and you're like, oh great, I can get ahead of that. I think it's so important. I think it's so important too. And that's why I'm so happy that we have a hybrid work environment here. I don't think you can build the same type of collaborative dedicated sales team where everyone's just working from home. I think there's really something too, that in-person collaboration. And I will say the best sales team see celebration and collaboration as a competitive advantage. What did you believe about sales that you now no longer believe? The best sellers are extroverts. They're great at messaging and pitching. Now I don't believe that. I think the best sellers are consultative, curious and ask the best questions. Do we move into a world where sales reps, leaders need to be far more technical than they've ever been before to bluntly walk people through solutions that are more technical, especially in a world of AI or do we need much more relationship focus or both? I would say both. And here's why. I see AI taking on a lot of the transactional selling activities. And if you have a point solution or if it's a small deal I can see AI taking a lot of that down market selling motion. So sellers really have to focus on the complex strategic sales that require multiple stakeholders building consensus across the company, finding who the right people are that have influence. And then to your point, like the technical aptitude to map their solution back to them. What do we do in sales today that we will not do in five years time? Okay, the area that I really hope that is completely fixed is data enrichment. And so what sellers dislike the most is when there is bad data within their Salesforce or their CRM. Bad data meaning the account has the wrong employee count so they're not able to prioritize them correctly or the territory is inequitable. I hate manual data entry and I'm really excited to get more and more enriched data that doesn't require that manual entry. I love that, I totally agree. I also think like customer research. When you think about what you used to do, like it took maybe an hour to do great customer research on a prospect. Now it's like ChatGPT pretty much deep research does a lot for you, no? Well, internally we use Notion AI that's powered by the best models like ChatGPT, Cloud and it is incredible. Like just this week we had our executives meet in front of customers and they always ask for an executive briefing doc. And so before the seller would have to aggregate all of this information from Slack and the customer's website and Salesforce. Now we use Notion Research Mode that aggregates information from all of those different sources and then creates a polished briefing doc within seconds. How do you make sure that your sales team is embracing every aspect of AI? For me as like the leader of a media company, I'm always wanting to push them. I'm like, should we instill a 30 minutes a week where they have play time with AI? How do you think about enforcing your team to bluntly get out of a mold and behavior set and embrace new tools? I think it's figuring out what are the most impactful workflows that they would benefit from using AI. So start with like, what is the challenge that they're trying to solve? If it is preparing research documents, like let's start there. I found that celebrating the people who are doing it best internally is the best way to actually get that behavior spread across your entire team. And that's why I really like a culture of celebration because I think that's the best way to lead instead of being like, you're not using AI bad, saying like, wow, these are the best sellers. They're using AI, here's how they're using it. Like, how can we incorporate this more into our process? And I also think it's involving them into this exploration. So asking questions in our team meetings, like how might we use AI with the bottleneck activities that we have today? What are some ideas that you've had? What are some things that you've looked out into the market and used recently that we should start trying? And honestly, it's actually really helpful selling an AI product because with Notion AI, we can do all of that. I like saying we're constantly drinking our own champagne versus we're dogfooding our own product. We're constantly drinking our own champagne and trying to figure out what are the best use cases for Notion AI so that we can also speak intelligently about it when we're going out to market and talking to our customers. So I think we've both, you know, you obviously invest with 20 sales, you obviously invest with 20 VC. We've both seen a ton of AI sales reps. I mean, a ton and none of them actually work, is the honest truth. Why? Because selling in today's environment is very complex. You have to figure out who are the stakeholders and you have to build relationships. It's a complex product that you're selling. I will say, I believe it would work if it's a very transactional product. Like if you're like, hey, we're a conference and we are selling conference booths, this is the price. I think like an AI seller can actually probably sell that quite well. But when you're selling solutions like Notion and Slack, like we're a long, long ways away to ever being able to take those sales roles. Listen, you're doing an incredible job with enterprise. We often hear that enterprises are still dipping their toes in AI waters in terms of experimental budgets. Do you agree with that or do you think we've made a full-scale transition to full budgets? I agree with that. I've been very impressed with the pace of AI innovation, but in terms of AI adoption, it's actually been very slow. And the average enterprise company is still waiting and seeing what happens. And we actually just ran a survey and we see that. The biggest thing that's top of mind for executives how do they integrate AI into their existing workflows? And that makes sense to me. Cause when you think of the average enterprise company, they have a lot of process. They've already built what that looks like internally. There's a lot of priorities across many individuals. So getting them aligned on what AI can look like for them can take a while. And so it's our job to figure out how do we make that easier for them? Totally get you. Are there commonalities in their concerns about adopting AI, be it security, be it accuracy, be it change of behaviors? What are their biggest concerns? For enterprise, it's security, legal, and some enterprises have policies where they just have a no AI policy right now because they're worried about the legal aspects of AI. And so it's trying to figure out how do we get around that? Fuck, Europe is even worse by the way. How long do you think that transition is between experimental to full scale? Cause there is a moment when Wall Street will start penalizing you for not embracing AI. And I had the founder of Duolingo on the show the other day and they said bluntly that the public markets puts a label on you. You're an AI winner or you're an AI loser. And the way that you build your company will determine which one you are. And so there is a moment when Wall Street will penalize you for not embracing AI. And at that moment, you think that they will then change because market cap is impacted. But when do you think that is? It's like picking up and I see enterprises going from experimental AI budgets to looking at what are the outcomes that they're trying to drive with AI because that's where AI is going to be very sticky. Another thing I've heard recently is vibe revenue where there's a lot of experimental budget with AI and companies are just trying things out but the real winners will be the companies that have those renewals a year or two later because they've figured out how to drive business priorities with AI. And I was actually thinking about this in my reflection of my performance review. So I had my performance review on Tuesday. My performance isn't based on how well am I using AI? How savvy am I? My performance review continues to be how do I drive revenue? How do I drive pipeline? How do I drive my people? So there I think through like, okay, how can I use AI to do that more effectively so I drive those results even further? And I think the companies that really figure out how to drive the ultimate bottom line are gonna be the ones that win. The other thing I will say is from selling AI, I think it's also the companies making it easier for them to get started. And one solution would be how can you really easily integrate with their existing solution? So if they're already using Salesforce, they're already using Microsoft Teams or Slack or Google Drive, how can you start to integrate into those systems so you're starting to change that AI behavior in processes that they're already used to? When you're selling AI and enterprise, are you using AI and AI and AI to make them feel like they're frontier technology adopters or are you kind of shielding it to make them feel less scared of some buzzwords that they often hear in media? It's funny because yeah, I go to events and I'm like, this can't be an event if we don't say AI. But the hype is real. I actually will say like the hype is real and executives genuinely wanna see and hear how other companies are leveraging AI. And so what I found to be most impactful is using customer stories. And so we'll say here like the fastest growing companies like OpenAI, Versel, Perplexity, they're all relying on Notion. Their product and engineering teams are collaborating on everything from meeting notes to how they do their product planning to ensure that they're staying ahead of innovation. And it's those stories that start to showcase like, okay, there's real advantage here. Tell me, how do they do that? Ah, but I have Granola and so I like Granola. What do you do when competitive comparison comes up? It's another awkward one in calls. How do you advise reps to deal with the competitive comparison without shitting on your competitors? I agree. I think it's bad form for you to shit on your competitors. I like the phrase, customer obsessed, competitor aware. So you should know what your competitors are doing. And I think it's much better to have a factual perspective and have a conversation around it. And I'd probably go back to discovery if this was a real conversation, I'd say, great, what do you like about Granola? Okay, what does that help you do? And what we're seeing in the market is there is a lot of sass sprawl. And I actually heard this on your podcast recently where you're like the average company uses over 170 different software solutions. And that's real. And my prediction is it's gonna get a bit worse in the short term, but longterm we are going to consolidation because there's no way an employee can learn 200 different tools and be effective in their day to day. It's also extremely costly because all of those come with a price tag. So how much are you paying for software? Totally, I mean, listen, the bet on notion is that we're gonna move into a bundled software world for enterprise is really where it goes. Exactly. Can you talk to me about the most creative you've ever had to get to win a deal? I was literally talking about winning a deal this morning and I said, we never leave anything on the field. How many hockey sticks are we sending to their kids? And I use it as a joke, but when have you got creative and what did you do? I will say, Harry, I'm not a gimmicky person. So I'm not the seller or sales leader who's like, let's send them a cake. And on the cake, we're gonna say, will you sign our order form? That's just not how I sell. Sometimes it works. I'm much more like, how do we think strategically about this and get really creative in our strategic approach? So it's figuring out how do we align to stakeholders at all levels and make sure that we bring them value? And so the creativity that I would bring is like, okay, making sure that every important person in the deal is aligned to someone at my company, whether that's a subject matter expertise where they can get value from learning how say, another product manager is using our software, what they're seeing within their field and comparing notes so that we have that relationship or it's a CFO to CFO relationship to ensure that they're looking at the financials in the right way and they have that relationship. And then it's using different touch points like workshops. How can we bring in a workshop where we're just jamming on what are the ideas that we can hack away at and implement in the next week? It's also showing teachable moments in every part of the deal. So I wouldn't say like there's one really big moment where I'm like, this was it. I think it's continuing to look at how are you getting in front of the right people and like surrounding them with your solution. I think you learn a lot from losses. When you go back to your biggest loss in a deal, what was the biggest loss and what did you learn? The one that I'm thinking of right now is we were just in front of the wrong stakeholders and the people that we were in front of didn't have the influence to get the deal done. Did they say they did or did you misjudge it? No, they said they did. And that's what you'll hear. And the common mistake is that you're single threaded, you're with the wrong people and you're not multi-threaded enough in the company in order to actually change the way that they're doing something and bringing them your new solution. No matter how much this happens, it's still common in losing deals where your champion will say like, I can get this done. Don't worry, we've got this. And then you build this relationship where you trust them. And then they also say things like, we don't need to bring anyone else into the deal. Just trust me. And then they'll even give you a hand slap if you talk to anyone else in the company. And that's a really big sign that you don't have a real deal here. Like you need to get multi-threaded with different lines of business and who actually holds the budget. So what do I do in that case? I get a hand slap. I get a bit of an icky vibe that maybe they don't and they're pontificating, postulating about having power that they maybe don't have. Do I keep going down the single threaded road with the threat that it might not land because they may not have the power or do I force the multi-thread even when they hand slap? My take here is that you start to use other people in your company to help doing the multi-threading for you and you make it easy for them. And so instead of that message coming from you directly, you ghost write messages for your manager or another person in the company that you see has a connection on sales navigator. And you start to build inroads with your team. I found that is the best way to start testing, do you have a real deal here? I've often sent a message to who we think is the executive sponsor to understand like, hey, we hear that you're evaluating, is this on your radar? And oftentimes I'll be like, oh, never heard of it. Or like, yes, this actually is on my radar. And then you'll start to see like, do you have a real deal here and is your champion actually selling internally? I would argue it's not a real champion if they're not willing to introduce you to more people because a real champion is putting you in front of the right people to get the deal done. What is the number one reason why deals don't convert today for you? Status quo, we use a framework. Why change? Why your product? Why now? And it's not a competitor. It's the company isn't stuck in their ways. They don't see a big enough problem and they don't do anything. And so what that signals to us is we didn't truly identify the real pain point or priority that we could tie to or we weren't in front of the right person who could actually give us what those priorities are. You're gonna kill me. The why now on notion versus like a cybersecurity company where it's like, you've just had a hack. You just lost 3 million customer details. You're fucked if this happens again. Okay, I get it. Fair enough. Or you just had massive downtime. You need our crash analytics software. For notion, how do you do that? That's looking at why companies do anything. They either do it to make more money, to save costs, or in your example, to mitigate risk. So what's stopping them from making more money? Oftentimes it's the innovation and the pace of innovation. Especially in this AI world. And so it's trying to figure out how are they staying ahead and how can they look at a product like notion to help them do that. The other is saving costs. As we spoke about, SaaS sprawl is real and they're paying for a lot of different solutions that is adding up. And so oftentimes it's looking at a compelling event like when is that renewal? And let's work backwards from that renewal to figure out how we can save you some money. Honestly, which one converts better? Is it like the, hey, improve efficiency innovation? Or is it, hey, you're spending a fuck ton of money on a load of tools that you don't need. Just bundle it into one and amazing product called notion. The easier one I would say is saving money. Cause that is cut and dry, but the long-term one and where we want our customer success to really help them see the value, because otherwise the risk is another competitor is gonna come along and do the exact same self. And so it's, you can get them in the door, but ensure that they are seeing that value in their workflows. Okay, so who's the best sales leader that you've ever worked with? And what did you take from that? I've been fortunate to work with a lot of great sales leaders. I would say the early mentor that stands out to me is Danny Herzberg. And here's why. Before meeting Danny Herzberg, I always thought that sales was a stepping stone for me. And I didn't know if it was going to be a long-term career path. And what she taught me was one, the parts of my job that bring me the most joy all points back to sales. I love achieving wins. I love working collaboratively with a team. I love figuring out go-to-market across sales marketing product. And the other piece of it was also seeing how sales could be done differently. One, she's a very successful female sales leader. And she taught me that sales can be very data-driven and sales is almost like being a therapist. Like you're asking a lot of questions and you're truly trying to figure out where is the pain. And so those two things made me realize like, oh, I could do sales in a different way. And that's a big part of why I continue to be in sales. Should people worry about title? We see different people focus on a lot. Others who say, hey, it doesn't matter, doesn't matter. Does title matter? No, title does not matter. The company matters way more than the title. Case in point, I was at Slack. I didn't even know what an account manager was, but I was like, sure, I really like this company and I see where this is going. And I got to help Slack grow from 6 million to nearly 2 billion in revenue by the time I left. And if I cared about title, I don't know if I would have joined, but I am sure as how lucky and excited and fortunate that I did. What was the hardest phase of growth from 6 million to 2 billion for you in sales? For me, it's very personal. I actually think back to like the point where I didn't know if I was gonna stick it out. And it was when my boss left, my boss's boss left, and it felt like everything was crumbling around me. And I was working with a coach, which I highly encourage if you have the resources or the learning and development funds to work with a professional coach, because she helped me reflect on what was actually happening. And she asked me questions like, okay, well, what's the worst thing that can happen? And when you actually put words to it, it's never that bad. And she was like, okay, well, what's actually true? Because what I had said is like, oh, I don't have my advocates, my leaders in my corner to really push me in my career forward. And she's like, that's not true. Like you have a lot of advocates in this company. Like who else can you look to? And you need to believe in yourself. And then she asked me, what's the best thing that can happen? Oftentimes change leads to opportunity. And so the best thing is actually stepping up. And for me, it was like, how could I actually do my boss's job and like use this as an opportunity versus a point of crumbling? And so that's ultimately what I did. It felt at the time like I was at like a huge crossroads, but now looking back, I'm so happy I persevered and stayed. What advice would you give to a young woman in sales that you don't think is applicable to a young man in sales? When you're looking for jobs, even if you meet 80%, go for it because the man beside you is going for it. And I would also say something I've learned in my career is just because you do hard work doesn't mean it's going to get noticed. That may work when you're very junior, but as you go on in your career, you need to learn how to advocate for yourself and ask for it, ask for the promotion. Also don't check yourself so much. I work with many amazing women now and they just continuously check themselves and ask me to check them. And I'm like, no, no, your intuition was right. Like you should have totally gone with that and you're so right. You don't need to check with anyone, it's right. Totally, that goes back full circle to the beginning of this podcast. Like confidence and belief in yourself is going to go so far. I like that advice better, just go for it. And the worst that can happen is you fail or they say no. I think it's a good book title, 80% is enough. It could be like a spiritual self-development, eat, pray, love type thing. I'm just offering ideas, it's fine, don't shoot me down. Okay, question for you. Where do you need to improve most as a sales leader? Focus less on doing and more on reflecting and zooming out. It is in my DNA to just do it, to build, to showcase that I can do it. It's being okay with not always having doing as the outcome, like writing the next Slack message, creating the next Notion document, ensuring that I'm doing all of the things and actually zooming out as a sales leader and reflecting because that's going to be what's most impactful in seeing around corners and understanding what does the road need to look like ahead. What's the hardest role to hire for in sales today? Enterprise sales. Why? Specifically at a scale up like Notion, you need to hire someone who is familiar with doing the big deals, but also scrappy enough that they're willing to be resourceful and build from scratch. Final one, when we look forward 10 years, where are you in 10 years? If everything pans out, what does that look like Kim Graves in 2035? In my job today, when I look ahead, it would be we built a world-class enterprise, strategic team, all of the companies around me. When I look at their laptops, they're all working in Notion. I've been able to help and accelerate a lot of the people around me in their careers. We would have already rung the bell and made life-changing money for our team. I think personally that that might be me moving from San Francisco to my hometown Vancouver and figuring out what a new career path could look like in Vancouver. I've always had an aspiration for teaching. And so a part of me has always contemplated going back and being an adjunct professor and teaching about the lessons I've learned in sales from Slack, Salesforce, Notion, and the other great companies. Listen, I've so loved doing this. As I said, we've been friends for years. I so appreciate you being so open. This has been fantastic for me and you are the best. Thank you, Harry. That was such a special show to do with Kim. We've been friends for a long time. We worked together on 20 sales. So really special one for me to do there. If you wanna see the episode, you can find it on Spotify. It would make a huge difference if you wanna leave a comment or leave a review, that does make such a difference. But before we leave you today, is your finance team a cost center tied up in enforcing policies bogged down by cumbersome processes and drowning in operational busy work? Well, what if you could unlock seamless strategic finance that actually fuels your business growth? This is why leading global growth companies use Payhawk, the finance orchestration platform that unifies global spam management with conversational AI to deliver best user experience for everybody dealing with company spending. Finance teams using Payhawk report a major shift from operational to strategic work. New AI agents for each finance role handle the busy work, acting with the same governance as your finance team. Like having a small team of expert assistants that work 24 seven, but also providing an exceptional user experience to your employees. Payhawk is built for growth and enterprise businesses that operate globally. No six month implementations, no consultant dependencies, just immediate finance transformation that scales with your business. Leading growth companies like Vinted, Wallbox and hundreds more across 32 countries use Payhawk to move finance forward, not just keep up. Ready to turn your finance processes into a competitive advantage? Payhawk is offering a staggering 30% discount to everybody switching from a qualifying expense management or company card provider who mentioned the 20 VC podcast. Visit payhawk.com forward slash switch to learn more and make the intelligent switch today. And speaking of incredible companies, let's talk about Brex, the ultimate financial stack for startups. So when Brex was founded, it wasn't just about creating another financial product, it was about solving the really gritty challenges that founders face daily. Let's be honest, building something from the ground up is hard enough without dealing with clunky outdated banks that pile on fees and leave your cash idle. Brex is different. It's the financial stack that scales with you no matter where you are in your journey, from corporate cards to maximizing your runway to earning yield on your cash. Brex was designed with founders in mind to make every dollar go further so you can focus on building. And here's what really stands out to me. Brex combines the best of checking, treasury, and FDIC insurance in one powerhouse account. You can send and receive money globally at lightning speed, earn yield from day one and still access your funds whenever you need. Plus, with 20X the standard protection through program banks, your cash is not just working harder, it's working safer too. It's no surprise that one in three venture-backed startups in the U.S. With companies like Anthropic, Coinbase, and Robinhood, I mean, my God, these companies are incredible. Trust Brex to help them grow. If you wanna join the smartest startups on the planet, head over to brex.com forward slash startups and see what they can do for you. Absumo started with one simple idea. The tools you need to grow your business shouldn't put you out of business. That's why they work directly with developers to get exclusive discounts of 80 to 90%, 80 to 90% off software, saving entrepreneurs over half a billion dollars since 2010. Some of the biggest names in tech, like Mailchimp, Zapier, and Dropbox, got their start on Absumo. And with a rotating selection of hundreds of tools, you'll find all the software you need to make your life easier in 2025. Plus, with a 60-day money-back guarantee, you can try any tool risk-free. Start the year off with savings. Get 10% off your first order with the code 20LOWERCASEVC and a free tool exclusively for 20 VC listeners. That's code 20LOWERCASEVC for 10% off plus a free tool at absumo.com. As always, I so appreciate all your support and stay tuned for an incredible episode coming on Monday with the head of private equity at KKR.

</details>
