---
title: "20VC: Anthropic Wipes Billions Off Markets | Citrini Research: The Ultimate Breakdown: Agents, \"Ghost GDP\", Co"
people_mentioned: ["Harry Stebbings", "Jason Lemkin"]
channel: "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"
video_id: "59b12baa-0b8d-45f6-8b89-1ae3ff9dffdd"
url: "https://open.spotify.com/episode/59b12baa-0b8d-45f6-8b89-1ae3ff9dffdd"
publish_date: 2026-02-26
duration: "1:20:09"
word_count: 16181
content_type: "solo-talk"
delivery_mode: "technique"
broad_category: "ai"
subcategories: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics"]
series_name: ""
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Harry Stebbings"
host_names: []
interviewer_names: []
interviewee_profiles: []
speaker_profiles: ["Harry Stebbings - Anthropic"]
organizations_mentioned: ["Anthropic Security Release", "Innovation Banking", "Once Deal", "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: ["Framer Pro"]
companies_mentioned: ["Anthropic"]
topics: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics", "b2b-marketing", "lead-generation"]
tags: []
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (16181 words)</summary>

Maybe, maybe the Pentagon is wrong and they need to buy more on Tropic and just pointed at the enemy. It'll, it'll bring China to its knees when you are priced for perfection. Anything less than perfection will be a kick in the nuts. If you look at all the publicly traded B2B companies, there's only one that has a competitive agent. It's Palantir. I'm going to say we're going to produce 100,000 deca millionaires out of these AI leaders. Almost all the B2B software we use today is terrible now. If the only thing that's impacted here is the B2B software industry. My suspicion is the rest of the world will go, yeah, I'm willing to lose those guys. Here's the greatest dislocation if I look at the public stocks, right? Clavio versus Shopify. This is 20 VC with me, Harry Stebbings. Now it is my favorite show of the week with Rory O'Driscoll and Jason Lemkin. This week, we analyzed the biggest news in tech. What do we cover? We cover Anthropic Security Release, which wiped close to 10% of some of the biggest security stocks. We cover Figma's earnings breakdown. And of course, we cover the Citrina research piece, which wiped billions off the stock market. But before we dive into the show today, are you a founder working nonstop to raise your next round? Are you an investor doing all you can for your portfolio companies to help them stand out? Funding and scaling a vision is challenging. Banking should not be. HSBC Innovation Banking caters to tech and healthcare founders all over the world who need a really great banking partner that matches their pace, offering fast onboarding, product packages designed for your business and capital solutions built for high gross startups and the VCs investing in them. With HSBC Innovation Banking's rapid onboarding, you can get access to your new accounts and facilities quickly so your team can stay focused on building and scaling what's next. You'll be paired with your own dedicated team of venture ecosystem veterans who have the network and experience to guide companies in your specific sector at your specific stage. And behind that support is this real strength. HSBC's $3 trillion balance sheet and global network that provides this stability in international reach needed to grow your operation with confidence to see how HSBC Innovation Banking can support you. Whether you're on day one or day a thousand, visit innovationbanking.hsbc to learn more and connect with an innovation banking specialist. That's innovationbanking.hsbc. While HSBC manages your corporate banking needs, Deal helps you build the global team behind it. Two minutes can change your startup trajectory. The pitch by Deal is a global startup competition where founders pitch their company in just two minutes for a chance to win a $1 million investment. You'll compete with startups from around the world and get in front of experienced judges who back ambitious teams. If your startup is ready for its next step, take your shot. Apply at deal.com forward slash 20 VC pitch Once Deal helps you hire your global team, Framer gets them wowed on the way in. You know that moment when marketing wants a landing page, design mocks it up and engineering says, yeah, we'll get to it. Thousands of businesses from early stage startups to Fortune 500s are choosing to build their websites in Framer where changes take minutes instead of days to solve this very problem. Framer is an enterprise-grade, no-code website builder that works like your team's favorite design tool and it's used by companies like Perplexity, Miro, Mixpanel to move faster. Designers and marketers can fully own the site with real-time collaboration, a robust CMS built for SEO and advanced analytics that include integrated A-B testing so you're not just shipping pages, but you're maximizing what works. And when you're ready to ship, changes go live in seconds with one click, publish, without relying on engineering. Plus, Framer is built for scale with premium hosting, enterprise-grade security and 99.99% uptime SLAs. Whether you want to launch a new site, test a few landing pages, or migrate your full dot-com. Framer has programs for startups, scale-ups and large enterprises to make going from idea to live site fast. Learn how you can get more out of your dot-com from a Framer specialist or get started building for free today at framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off, 30% off a Framer Pro annual plan. That's framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off. Framer.com slash 20 VC, rules and restrictions may apply. You have now arrived at your destination. Boys, it is so good to be back. We're gonna start this week in Anthropic with some news on Anthropics, surprisingly. Security review feature wipes out 20 billion from cybersecurity stocks obviously Anthropic released their latest security products or product, and it massively hit some of the biggest players Cloudflare, CrowdStrike to name a few. Is this a dramatic overreaction from public markets or is there underlying truth to this? Well, I'll tell you the interesting thing to me. This is kind of shows where the markets are and where our mass panic is, although I think our panic is well-grounded. I think we should be panicking, but most of this already exists. You can go to a website you can go to cloud code today. And I literally did this on the plane flying back last week. Okay, I did it inside of replete and you can say, run a detailed security audit on my code and it will already do it. It will already run a total static code review. And if you're live, if you're on replete or lovable or Vercel or something, it will actually do penetration testing and everything for you. Like literally it will do everything. It can already do, I think a better security audits and testing than a mediocre board engineer will ever do. So obviously the pace at which things are getting better. Like it's, I mean, each week we can't keep up, you know, on this show, but it's also interesting that conceptually just like reviewing cobalt code dropped IBM 10%, it already existed. Like we're panicking about features that have already been in clawed for months in many cases. Now, is this a sign that it will go more aggressively into the space? Of course it is, but I just want to point out to folks and aren't doing it. So much of the stuff that we are panicking about, I think is worth panicking about, but a total nothing burger in the sense that if you're paying attention, this is months old news in some ways. Yeah. The first comment that just general comment is, you know, anthropic, you know, markets itself as, you know, the nice AI company. And for a nice AI company, it sure creates a lot of damage and kills a lot of stock portfolios. Maybe the Pentagon is wrong and they need to buy more anthropic and just point it at the enemy. It'll bring China to its knees. This is an astonishingly destructive thing. Incredibly destructive. Incredibly destructive. Yeah. Consumers clip 20 billion or something. But let's do security first, because in this case, from a technical capabilities perspective, no surprise. Second, from a adoption in the enterprise perspective, I don't see anthropic eating up crowd strikes business. I just don't see that. People are going to have a security layer and there was a great, I think with an HSBC report out today after the Satrini Madness, which we'll talk about in a second, that basically said, software is the means by which AI will diffuse into the enterprise, which I thought was a wonderful quote. And I think it'll be true for security also. In other words, these capabilities, like code scanning, will diffuse into the enterprise probably by means of companies like CrowdStrike and other companies like them bringing it to bear. And Dr. A, no new news. And B, it shouldn't be such a big panic. But, and this is the big but. Unlike some of these other sectors, CrowdStrike and the security companies were effectively trading at a price that assumed nothing could ever go wrong. Even on Friday after the correction, you know, I went into look, I was stunned. It's 22% revenue growth projected, 31% cash margins. It was trading at 16x revenues on Friday after the first hit. The thing is, when you are priced for perfection, anything less than perfection will be a kick in the nuts. And that's what's going on here, right? It's entirely separate when you're dealing with the companies that were priced at six times revenues and have gone to four. That's a separate discussion we'll have later. But I think what's happening on some of these super high price stocks is the occasional reminder when you're priced to perfect literally any little thing, any increase in tail risk of you not being the winner logically corrects pretty substantially. So I think that's all that went on here. I don't think CrowdStrike's obviated by this. I think it'll totally be fine. It'll continue to be a business. But when things are priced at extraordinary high prices, it doesn't take a lot to knock the narrative off kilter. Would you say that CrowdStrike with the re-pricing is now fairly priced or underpriced? It's actually a very good question. And to make it more general, are you saying do you prefer the stories where the AI disruption is perhaps a little remote but the values are still pretty lofty like CrowdStrike? Or do you prefer the ones where, you know, there's some of these stocks that have corrected to six, seven, and eight times 2026 EBITDA where you go just on a value basis. That's wrong. I mean, I was looking, thinking about companies like Toast. I was thinking about one of our own DocuSign at eight or seven or eight times revenues. These things are absurdly cheap. Well, CrowdStrike is still not yet cheap. It's just modular. But it probably has more clarity on the way the world is going. I probably air to a bit of value. I'm just saying to myself, buy the things where the cash flow alone makes it easy. Would you rather have your money in CrowdStrike which is still priced well or Monday priced at one and a half revenues? I'd like a basket of one and a half times revenues, not an individual stock. Because I think at the level of individual stock it's hard to say because it's very idiosyncratic. At the level of the basket, if you buy 20 stocks and an average of three times revenues, eight times EBITDA, I think you'll do just fine. I don't know, man. Just last week you kind of mocked me and I can take it. It's good. You mocked me for saying Shopify is at partial risk of disruption. And I said it's not at total risk of disruption, but the fact that whoever builds the agentic layer, more and more value is going to accrete to them is you only have to have a partial deceleration to your numbers. You only have to have a partial risk. You only have to see more of the value of HubSpot or DocuSign flow to an agent, right, for these stocks to do worse. Look, I'll give you an example for eSignature. I know this space, DocuSign, right? It's a great company, great CO. And a lot of folks were saying, oh, this is going to be destroyed by Claude because all you're doing is creating an image of a signature. No. This is a very complex enterprise workflow system that also is a partial system of record. Someone has to say these contracts are true and valid and someone has to route it through 100 steps in transformation and negotiation and all the stuff, right? That is not going to be destroyed inside of a Claude chat, but some of that can be done by an agent and an agent that truly auto contracts for a business. Okay. Let's say it does all of your commercial transactions. That could take enough of the value away that these companies are maimed. And I think, and I even think it's logical for CrowdStrike. Obviously, Claude CodeReview is not doing endpoint security, but can anybody be maimed by Claude? It just launched an entire enterprise agent solution today. This is how I think about it. Claude is like inverse, sorry, what's the game where you land on the, where you fall out of the sky onto the island and it keeps shrinking? What's that game called? The video game where it keeps shrinking, right? And so like your territory keeps shrinking. Claude keeps consuming more and more of you and you're stuck in this smaller and smaller island that you got to own more and more market share of. Almost everyone that's public, your surface area is shrinking because of Claude and AI and the question is how much. And so the impacts are accelerated. And that's why Anthropic Today had to publicly say, Hey guys, their head of AI said, listen guys, on the one hand, things are accelerating. So it's bad for software. On the other hand, we're best of friends of software on the day they launched enterprise agent. We're best friends. We're enabling them, but the pace of change is so fast. So I want to believe there are these safe islands. I believe the agents are going to own enough of the value that just owning less of the value in your space can create terminal decline. Terminal decline. Put me down for a strong disagree. You're going to come around. Just give me the rest of the year. Literally on the plane last week, I did a security audit in replete, which is using Claude code. It's, it's, I mean, some of that is replete. We could talk about it. I don't want any details, but it's great. And I literally sent it to the repleteam, the entire technical team, because I'm like, do you see how good this is? And they're like, we didn't even know was this good yet. We didn't even know our security audit had become this good last week. It's so good and so much better than before. And they didn't even know to think that we're in some sort of static world for the rest of the year. I don't even think literally I, we could delete some of our podcasts from four weeks ago. They're so dated. So let's, let's try not to be like that. So comment here. Intelligence will infuse all software over the next decade. That intelligence is generated by foundation models like Claude and like open AI. I think that's a given. Agreed? So what we're really saying is how much of that do they do themselves? That intelligence has to get to the enterprise. There's probably four ways it can get there. Lehmann. One is they buy it from Claude directly. Everyone buys all the software from Claude. The second is they build it themselves. They construct every enterprise construct its own agents. The third is they buy it from existing incumbents who integrate AI. And the fourth is they buy it from cazillions of new companies, all of whom are leveraging at, you know, at the harvies and all these companies who are building on top of foundation models. You founded post-22. And you have to figure out which of those scenarios you believe in. And actually the post I read and I actually agreed very much is I think it's three and four. I don't think enterprises are going to, are going to build their own systems on top of Claude directly. And I don't think Claude's going to build all these focus systems for everything. So I think there's going to be this software mediation layer between them. And that's the opportunity. Yeah, but here's the thing. If you look at all the publicly traded B2B companies, there's only one that has a competitive agent. It's Palantir. No one else has seen a single ounce of revenue acceleration due to their AI agents. And yet, and yet the companies we talk about each week have jaw dropping acceleration. It's not just Anthropa because they have built the agents that matter in their space. It is not sprinkling AI dust on top of their analytics software. There's no, there's not no value there. But you would also agree. Listen, but let's talk about that kind of Ford category. You would also be that there were many privately held recently founded companies exploding in revenue also. Let's talk about like, do you think it all goes to the model companies? Or do you believe any of these companies like, you know, that are raised? I mean, you guys talk about replet and lovable a lot. Do you believe that's defendable? You talk about, you know, law you talk. They even might not be defendable. And the, the rate of, because Claude code just last week, just since we did the last show, Claude code launched the ability to see apps inside of Claude code. So for a lot of product people, you don't need replet and lovable anymore. As of last week. Now you can, you can change Claude code and visualize your app inside of Claude desktop and inside of Claude code. You don't need to do that anymore in a third party app. But my real point is, sorry, and here you're the boss. I've talked to three founders over the weekend of like public and your public companies and they're all, this is the advice I gave them. Your agent is not great. You're being disrupted by the agentic layer. I hope that that service now builds these great agents. And I believe agent force has a shot and I believe others, but they're all being disrupted in real time. And that's why the folks, Harry interviews on 20 BC are stressed as f they are stressed as f because no matter what they say, they know they are not, they do not have the dominant agent in the space, no matter how many LLMs they stick inside of a feature. When I see what leaders of top market and in our hundred, you know, nine figure unicorns are saying it's lip service. I see it on Lincoln all weekend long. I see we're adding AI to our email feature. We're adding the ability to process emails more efficiently. You're going to go out of business and you're not going to fail because your customers are going to renew, but your growth is going to fall so far that you become irrelevant in two years. And I'm going to buy my four stocks. Don't get me wrong, but I'm already out of the panic is overdone and real at the same time. So you made a very clear statement that we have not seen any of the public providers make great agent use cases work and have a meaningful impact on revenue. I'm very naive. Why? Toby's a brilliancy shopify. Mark is trying with agent. Why have they all failed so far? Well, I'll give you two reasons if you want. There's a long list of reasons, right? Two practical reasons. One is it's a lot of work, man, and no one wants to do this at every agent. Here's the problem today. And this will change in the next two years. It is not true today. Every agent is essentially custom. Okay, every agent needs to be trained. Every agent needs to be onboarded. If you want it to be great. Okay, every agent needs its data cleansed. This is a vast amount of work for organizations that already think they're overworked and working too hard. There is huge institutional momentum to overcome. The second is what I just said is true. You need a massive amount of forward deployed engineers and trained workers that are technical enough and smart enough to train and deploy an agent. One, the workers don't exist in most companies. Your average customer success person that shows up with a green yellow red light dashboard cannot train and tune an agent. And two, then there's a meta challenge for the Shopify's Mondays hub spots and toasts and others, which is you can't afford the human to do it at a niche level. We're seeing it with startups and we're not seeing it with publics. Hyper niche agents work really well because they have a small set of things to do. As soon as you get to spaces like Shopify or even worse Monday where you have a hundred verticals, it's very, very hard to build a very specific agent automatically that does everything that churches need and basketball courts need and refrigerator businesses need. They're not all the same needs and so the agents aren't good enough. A lot of these leaders that I just strike if you they're in beta, they have six people using them, 60 people because it's too hard for them. So they're going to get killed by the startup that does it. They're going to get killed. Ah, but that's the case that the startup that does it. What it's not going to be is the foundation model directly selling to the church, directly selling to the thing. They will provide the war intelligence, but there will be software opportunities to build compelling software companies in most of these verticals just as there was in SaaS. And so maybe we're more in than we think. I think intelligence led applications are the only applications that are going to sell and grow quickly over the next 10 years. Non-intelligent applications will at best be flat to mild growth if they're not obviously disrupted by intelligence and at worst be down. I'm picking on toast because I'm not an investor so I have no emotional connection. I think that's a good one because I don't think there's a ton of agent work to be done and it's a lot of payments and restaurant kind of organization. It's trying to be fairly durable. We can argue but yeah whereas something like Monday, it's very knowledge workery. I can see much more disruption story. That's the incumbents. I think we're now in sync and saying is that those opportunities can be grabbed by stand-alone companies perhaps built, you know, started founded 21-22, leveraging directly on top of the foundation models. What you're not saying is all that revenue just accrues to the foundation models, correct? No, I think just people are going to be maimed even more than they think if they don't own agents in your category. You've got to own the agents in your category. And whether those agents are owned by a startup or whether some version of that agent can be done inside of Claude, they're going to maim you and it's accelerating. Jason, I want to be very direct with you and you'll give me a direct answer. You're better at direct than Roy's sometimes nuanced answers. Will Claude Code make replete and lovable, weaker in a 12-month period? Like, do you think they will meaningfully enter their space and take market share? I think it will do everything. That it can do, going to Roy's point, anything that can be done either inside the browser or inside the desktop, Claude will do. That's what we've learned this year. Anything that can do. Right now, if you go to design something in Claude Code, you'll laugh. All the crappy Claude Code websites look the same. They have the same artifacts, the same icons, the same purple color scheme. You can laugh, but can all of the design, all of the parts of Figma that are designed be done within the code? Of course it can. So I believe it will aggressively attack parts of Figma this year. Even though they're key partners. Replet and lovable, it continues to do more of them. Now, will Claude Code want to host entire websites? The only thing that ultimately will protect them is this is all their teams do and that I don't think they want to to build databases and build production websites and host domain names. But if they change their minds, there's no reason they can't, they can't license SuperBase or Neon or fork their own Postgres. They're pretty good there at this company. They can build their own database. They've already got plenty of servers. They can spool up a few more to host websites. If they want to, they can. And I just think Fortnite's the game. You know, at the end of Fortnite, the circle gets and so if I'm at Replet or lovable or even Figma, I would be were at Figma like the circle's just starting to shrink. But I think at many companies that circle shrinking and I have two investments I made last year. I love them. Those products no longer have a reason to exist today because of Claude. But these were standalone investments last year. I'm not going to go into it. They were great. That blew up in the early days and they just have no reason to exist today in that prior form. Just no reason. When we turn around and all of a sudden you can preview your entire app inside of Claude, which you couldn't do last week. If I'm any of these Figma, Replet, Lovable, Versail, all of them, all of them I love that just the Fortnite circle shrinking. So, you know, you got to like, you got to do something about it, right? And will it stop? Like at the end right? It's stressful, but the flip side is if you nail the agent, look how much revenue these guys did building essentially an agent on top of Claude Coat. They built a billion dollars of revenue building the agent that didn't exist. So that's the flip side. That's our job is to build these billion dollar agents. If you can do something that is extremely high valuable that could not be done before, you can close millions of revenue your first week. It's never happened before in the history of software, right? Totally agree and get that. Before we move on, you just want to stay on Anthropic. And I wanted to discuss they've lined up five to six billion dollars for an employee share sale at a three hundred and fifty billion dollar valuation. Obviously, there's people queuing up out the door for this, following obviously open AI doing the same a couple of months ago. Have we ever seen liquidity at this scale when we look at the number of millionaires minted from open AI soon to be Anthropic? When we look at the Nvidia millionaires that exist already, is anyone going to be able to buy a house in the valley? Yeah. There's a lot of things that seem silly in AI twelve or eighteen months ago. But if Nvidia has 20,000 decimillionaires, right? I'm going to say we're going to produce a hundred thousand decimillionaires out of these AI leaders, OK? And Roy's better at the math than me, but Nvidia already has 20,000. So if that's the case, that would be great if everyone was at full employment. And we were all full of companies with six figure employees making money. The worry is that we do see this concentration of wealth at the same time as everyone else gets leaner. And will Jevons Paradox create more employment in tech or not? I believe we will need more engineers than ever, like when we talked with Michael Cannon Brooks. I don't know if it will create more employment. So listen, the knock-on effect of that is bluntly what has shaken markets so much when you look at Citrini or have you want to pronounce it's 2028 Global Intelligence Crisis, which was a piece written kind of forward-looking or predicting kind of the state at 2028. And I broke down kind of some of the core elements there. I think we can start with actually one that you kind of mentioned there, Jason, which is kind of ghost GDP disconnects market from the real economy. So you have AI boosting productivity and corporate profits and market caps of companies, inflating headline economic figures, but actually consumer income doesn't scale with market cap and enterprise value. How do we analyze and assess that? I'm going to call bullshit here. I love the Noah Smith descriptions, sub-stack where I follow in economics a lot. He called it basically scary bedtime reading. Right? I think if you want to have a conversation about it, I actually think the way you need to break it up is to try not to say how to have because I knew we're going to have this one, right? And I saw you seven points and it's too much detail, Harry. Big picture, I would suggest we approach this in the following fashion. The first thing you have to figure out is micro-macro. At a micro level, for each of the things he says are going to happen. In other words, is AI going to replace coding? Is AI going to replace DoorDash? Is AI going to replace Amex? Right? In other words, and the wonderful thing is I think that's something this group is well equipped to do because we're all investing in venture companies who are the tippy point of the spear in terms of adoption. I'm allowed to have an informed opinion on question one, which is micro-level, are these changes going to happen? Then the second big picture question, lumping all the other things together, are the macro consequences of this? In other words, if you assume that there's a high level of AI adoption over a short period of time, then everyone, and that's, as I say, what we can talk about because we understand, that everyone gets to pontificate on global macro, which is what you are starting to do there. And I'm fine coming back to that, right? But I think jumping straight to the, oh my god, the GDP is ending with no thought process to, I even believe that basically he was hypothesizing a two-year adoption cycle of almost everything, such that everything from ServiceNow to DoorDash to Amex gets rolled over in two years. And I think if you believe that's happening, then you do graduate to the global macro question, and I still think he's wrong about that. But if you don't think the adoption's going to be that quick, you can literally ignore the rest of the piece. Does that make sense as a framing, first of all? Why don't we start with the micro, then, where you think we are seasoned and responsible enough to have an informed opinion? Well, yeah, let's break it up. I mean, there was hit points about software out, companies like DoorDash and then companies like Amex. In other words, interchange, right? Let's do the stupid ones first, DoorDash. The idea was you're going to want to delegate to your agent purchasing of an optimizing for, there's going to be six different versions of DoorDash and your agent will do between them. And the only reason that you don't do this today is because quote unquote, friction. And if it was automated, you'd let the agents order your pizza. And I just call bullshit on that. I mean, at the consumer level, when you're buying pizza on a Friday night, you're talking to your wife and you said, honey, you know, we had the frickin' Camona last time. I say we go with the pepperoni. She's like, no, I don't like it. I told you we want to stick with the two salads on the pizza. It's not something we want. No one wants to delegate to an agent how to decide what food they get and then have the thing come up. Good news. I save you two bucks. Bad news. You like the high-end pizza but I got you the crappy little of Dordache. We strongly believe Agenda to Commerce will be transformative to our industry. He believes this. I believe it as I have a large investment exposed to the space and I can see agents and AI ripping through it. I think the examples we think are safe. This is CTO saying we need to earn the right to service customers, agents, end to end, discovery, ordering, delivery and support. We need to earn the right in the new world. So to think that these spaces aren't just it only has to be maimed. The idea that we're going to vibe code our own Dordache is stupid, right? It is stupid and he's trying to get people millions of views, right? So the core idea he started with is stupid but keep on extrapolating. But the threat that an agent can decide for you here, the CTO says it's real. That's the threat. But he didn't say, okay, you caught me. I'm going home. If you want to make more automations around a recommendation, say, hey, there's three different pieces, you really think it's going to be I mean, I just think the level of customer inertia on the consumer to have this vision of five different Dordache competitive companies being enabled in this world. I just don't see it. Dordache is a combination of a huge amount of logistics, a huge amount of customer aftermarket service, a huge amount of selling up restaurants, right? They beat off four or five other big competitors to now have some kind of stable oligopoly with Uber as one other smaller player in the U.S. What in software is going to allow a new talk me through the new competitor emerging and taking market share in a high fixed cost business like this? Well, I mean, the most simple one is that a new competitor can decide whether Uber Eats or Dordache is the right thing for Uber Eats, Dordache or Direct. You have three options in the U.S., okay? There's nothing else really exists, right? The agent may make that decision. In fact, I would prefer that because I don't want Dordache, Uber Eats or Direct. I would prefer the Uber Eats knows my favor and I'm just picking one example, but this is a real threat today. This is what Andy's saying. It's a real threat. We don't need to decide which is the best place for us. The agent decides which is the best deal between these options, which is the best source for me, which is the best for my family and it makes the decision and only the agent is who we go to. As long as the agent is who we go to rather than the first party, it just risks disruption. It doesn't destroy the company. It doesn't destroy it. Tracing through the unrealistic statements though, let's go an existing example today. Netflix. Recommendation. But I've lied about Dordache because Andy Feng said the same thing. Why are you dodging the one that everyone thinks is free from disruption when the CTO says the ground is shifting underneath his feet? He literally said it this week. The CTO. Okay. No one's going to say when the C of a public company, I don't believe that stuff. They're going to say we're on it to displace me. Our job as investors is to be kind of analyze the facts and try and come to our independent conclusions. So I'm just going to take, I think two of the most personal things on the consumer level are the food you eat and the TV content you watch. Now, the good thing about the content you watch is we've had 10 years of AI already. The Netflix recommendation engine. Let's be clear. It is a massively useful tool to them because at the margin it helps them predict what people want. So I do agree there was core value. In knowing people's preferences on the aggregate. But how often, what percentage of your content viewing do you base entirely blindly on the recommendation engine when you sit down at Netflix? 5%, 10%? I think it's light. Sorry, but what DoorDash is barely in B2B. What the Netflix point is, I'll answer your question if you want the answer, but I'm missing the point. Do I think AI can disrupt Netflix? Netflix thinks AI can disrupt Netflix because we're all watching short form content and as of the last 45 days you can watch an incredible short on YouTube that was entirely AI generated where you can watch Star Wars stories that are better than the crappy last three movies that are AI generated. That's utterly disruptive to Netflix. They're so panicked they have to buy a studio. I'm breaking it apart into two separate things. If you can general and I think that's actually useful if you can generate content using AI that's very disruptive. I was trying to focus on recommendations because the idea was I'm just looking at the idea the idea is for consumer preference you will entrust your decision making to an agent who will quote unquote know what you want. That's what you're saying about DoorDash and we're trying to prove something that hasn't happened yet. So I was making the point content is another thing that's quite personal. Netflix has had this agent running for the last 10 or 15 years the recommendation engine and at the margin it does a good job of predicting on aggregate what people want but if you had two choices one program that gave you exactly what they recommended and then the other program that allowed you to pick I'm going to tell you you're not going to go with the recommendation engine you're going to say I didn't like that recommendation last week I'm done in the same way I don't believe I want to entrust my eating decision entirely to an agent I think we're just caught up in this anything could happen right. But dude YouTube is the number one way we consume video and it is entirely based on a recommendation engine and it is the best recommendation company on planet Earth there are no channels on YouTube that matter anymore followers don't even matter anymore nothing matters every day I log into YouTube and he gets better and better at knowing what I want to watch every day it is epically better than anything else on the planet and utterly disruptive to how we view few things. Good argument I'll give you that. Everything is everyone is stressed today it's a good thing the further you go the more folks are at risk of being maimed by AI just maimed except Georgia crowd strike he's fine but everyone else is at risk of being maimed by AI even if your growth goes from 31% that's a big deal I agree but do you really believe that you want an agent to recommend you food I have the data I have an investment in this space I already know the answer is yes it's not my opinion I have data from over 10,000 restaurants I know the answer is yes right if you're agent you're the historical context on every pizza order you and your wife have made and you know the price point the location so you know the delivery time that you're estimating and it can also analyze every TikTok to Instagram review as latest food trends and tell you about the latest within that price band with that crisp topping that your wife likes because it already knows that because you left a review or because you said it in a whatsapp so it's got open claw and was able to deliver that to you I think most people would I'd love it I think that at the margin yes I'd be sitting there on DoorDash going I get a 5% extra satisfaction rate and selection rate from this but do you think AI is so disruptive that it can warrant the creation of an entirely new company that says basically what you're saying is all the investment you made in restaurant relationships logistics the app are as nothing because this new thing is disruptive enough just because the recommendations are 5% if all these sass apps become dumb databases and Toast just becomes a POS system they're not going away but they become more and more commodified and the real issue is they don't capture enough of the incremental value it's the incremental value investment I think Jason I wanted to deal with the easy ones first right do you really believe that there will be a direct competitor to DoorDash enabled by AI no listen we all agree that that is clickbaity okay and so is all of it but listen let's talk about ghost GDP for a minute I admit I'm living on the bleeding edge okay let's concede that I'm a laboratory but we have gone from 12 people to 2 people on my little team that not only does investment it generates 8 figures a year in revenue okay and that is ghost GDP those folks the value the profits that are left go to 2 people well 3 people define ghost GDP for me ghost GDP is that this productivity is not going to human workers that then spend it that's the fear that we are creating this productivity but it is not going to any there's no humans to spend the money it's great that I can spend more money but that doesn't I don't think that's great for the economy if I get a little bit richer like we lost 8 people on our team first of all I agree we're now doing macro and in this case we can do macro we can only do macro once we've conquered micro and in this case you've conquered micro you've said it has happened I had 12 people now I only have 2 10 people no longer have jobs is what does that mean or at least at least whatever they have other jobs but the value that we're creating right this 8 figures of value it's accruing to fewer and fewer people and there aren't as many people to buy handbags and to buy shoes and to buy t-shirts and to buy Netflix even just to buy Netflix there's less people right that was the point of the ghost GDP in this inflammatory annoying article but I don't think that these things are wrong I think he's just trying to claim everything's going to happen in 18 months that it's not going to happen in 18 months but implicit in that and you have to be logical implicit in that is productivity gains which have been the engine of growth for the last 200 years are bad there's some imberied statement here is that it is bad that Jason is now able to do something with 2 people that he was hitherto for only able to do with 12 and I'm going to say something across the arc of the last 200 years since the industrial revolution productivity gains have been good because the other 10 people let me finish the other 10 people who used to be wasting time writing slop for Jason can now do other things and the sum total of human achievement will contain the extra work that those people do in the long term I don't think you can argue but that productivity gains are good we used to have 80% of people working on farms we now have 10% of people working on farms actually 4% of people working on farms and we have so much food that we're all fat and those other 85% of people are doing other shit across the scope of history productivity is fricking awesome it's the only thing that's made us rich I want to say that so clearly because then all these arguments these macro arguments that I was hoping to ignore are basically some version of even though productivity is amazing in the long term because you can't disagree to that something bad is happening in the short term and then the onus is on you to say what that is what is it? what's so bad about constant change and the fact that jobs go away and new jobs emerge what's going to happen that's so bad? a softening of consumer spend with a concentration of wealth to fewer people there are less people to spend money across different parts of the economy and that impacts a large amount of people and to your point on how does productivity actually lead to a worsening in the economy you only need to look at Japan in the 1990s and the need for abnomics and actually you saw massive productivity increases in the 1990s with massively improving mechanical infrastructure that they brought in and actually it didn't disperse to a huge amount of the Japanese population so there's very recent precedent actually if you want to see a sat a dystopian version of this go to Japan and meet with B2B founders I was at a dinner last November with all found from from IPO 20 million and up only it was a VIP dinner put together it was great it was the best of the best okay and they're all talking about how inherently their seat based shrinks this is not just the AI topic we're talking about today about seat based risk this was last year all talking about how just each year their seat shrink because their economy shrinking right it is just a Harry's point it is a I think in the short term this is all great for us as investors it's terrific for us to get more productivity well we're gonna get we're gonna make money out of it and we should put it in the bank and flee to Miami or Monaco because I don't but I'm not sure it's good for everybody I'm gonna call bullshit on that there's there's two or three different things with disaggregating the seat based comment are you making a comment on Japanese depopulation which I don't think we can blame on AI it's been a trend for 30 years I just think there's a right a loose parallel to this ghost GDP idea to Harry brought up of the depopulation well there's different ways you can you can depopulate a worker force even if the humans are still there right but it is it's a similar it's a structural headwind right to folks buying stuff that that's the alright our our ten agents that saster generate millions of revenue but they buy nothing our agents buy nothing they work all weekend long repli already quality money they're good kids okay they create a lot of noise like they're a lot of work but they buy nothing nothing nothing except except except tokens that's the only thing they buy are tokens and they buy millions and millions of toe for real for real that is a little different than the past is productivity increases are only good if the consumer wallet is dispersed and they are able to spend money if that shrinks that is not a good thing yes but the ever but so what do you do band productivity increases good news we're all doing fine bad news we're all 1790 and we're all you know one bad harvest away from starvation but yay we're all fine as long as nothing goes wrong right it's not a credible argument at a very micro level you could argue if and this is why we actually have to go back to the micro if the disruption happens extraordinarily quickly and people don't have time to adjust then in the short term you will have some element of structural relocation dislocation that will result in some form of definitely some form of recession GDP slowdown if those folks can't be digested in new jobs quickly so I do agree so my point is this in the short term you can articulate a thesis you're just saying right if all you know if all the 45 year old programmers are let go at the same time and the six million programmers on the street and there's no other work for them and it happens in a month then in the short term there would be this GDP hit while I'm still correct over the medium and long term GDP growth builds us all out so that's why it does go back to the micro is do you think it's all going to happen so quickly do we think that all these things are going to be displaced extraordinary quickly I don't know when I look at Kapathi talk about the evolution of how much of his work has gone to AI in the last six months I do question it okay what do you mean by that I think more and more of labor will be replaced by AI we will see the concentration of value to a few of people and fewer consumers will have money to spend in the economy which will lead to problems and a shrinkage of that economy there are 150 odd million people working in the US right so what's your estimate for displacement I'm just trying to get a sense of it it depends on the time horizon but I'm not feeling that great about it I mean if we look at the most obvious which is you know customers port legal bookkeeping that doesn't look great if we want to add in Weymer and what it'll do for self-driving within a four year period gosh I think you could see 30 to 40 million again when was a good example I mean you look at the projections 10 years ago when people talk about self-driving and you can find all the you know the setrini articles of then saying it's all going to happen in four years it's over here we are today and even though I think Waymo is amazing they're doing 350 million dollars I think they have single digit thousands numbers of automobiles you know in a few cities steady rollout starting to increase I don't know how many years you're talking about before it gets to kind of further mass scale so all diffusion takes longer than you think right I think we will relatively overestimate the pace of adoption here does it ever take shorter because everyone always says about the pace of diffusion they use the you know industrial revolution where you had to buy machinery transport it train when it's nano banana pro and it removes an entire industry well I think it's shorter in my life it's my life it's shorter the thing that is stressful on this and it's and it's a way to make money is the stressful thing is that and again I don't want to endlessly talk about the experience right I'm shocked everything is faster than I would have ever and better than I would have ever expected we started this about security right if you told me when we started this podcast that today I could just talk to a vibe coding platform and it would do like an eight year security audit while I was on an airplane and I didn't have to do anything I would have said guys it deleted my whole database there's no way it's going to do a friggin enterprise grade security audit yet everything everything enthropic can do this year is faster and better and bigger than we thought I'm not saying it's a meta level everything isn't slower than we think right so certainly that dumb article right door dash being disrupted by base 44 next week is dumb but god this acceleration it's just it's hard to it's so fast it's so fast in practical terms I'll give you the top the practical ramification almost all the B2B now it's terrible I can't talk to it I can barely bring myself to use the wordpress I can't change anything in wordpress all these products are terrible a lot of the ones that we the founders we love that Harry talks to the products are terrible now because I suffer so good blow your brains out to input data for two hours into your system right it's terrible and nothing else that is accelerating so quickly that the leaders cannot keep up with the fact that their products are so they're so dated I think that's broadly true and I think when you narrow it that's why I said when you narrow it down to the micro of the impact of AI on the million to a million and a half workers in the US in the software and tech industry broadly defined could be way more disruptive right and I think that's actually a useful conversation but it's worth pointing out that you know plus or minus five seven percent of all jobs in the US are disrupted every year you know this is one percent less than one percent of all jobs maybe one one and a half percent of all jobs if the entire software industry got nuked it still wouldn't be the same as losing the car industry 10 or 15 years ago so my point is again differentiate the micro discussion of our B2B software companies in trouble and how much are they in trouble is a really good discussion and if you make your living investing in B2B software comes it's the only thing that matters right but jumping from there to saying civilizations we know what ended it's pretty great more directly we didn't bleed in Silicon Valley when the car industry went down the toilet don't hold your breath thinking they're going to come for us and say if the only thing that's impacted here is the B2B software industry my suspicion is the rest of the world will go yeah I'm willing to lose those guys but then I think you're right the question is who wins who loses in the two percent of GDP software business with AI and I think that is the question is all that software said looks outdated today a lot of it well also one other point and we talked about Toby before from Shopify is about the best of the best right and I think Shopify is on top of these things it is the same number of employees it did three years ago it has not added a single net headcount in three years and has grown 50% at 12 billion in revenue at a meta level that is a decline too it has grown its revenue 50% to 12 billion and not added a single net headcount that already is an economic loss to the tech and I was talking with a group of B2B COs at scale the other day and I made a statement that everyone thought was a joke at first until they thought about it I said one of the leaders in the next 12 months is going to do an Elon Musk and just cut half their team in one day they're going to lay off half the entire company Elon we thought Elon was crazy at X but it stayed up and one of these folks that is not making a big transition to the new world right is going to realize they just they're just going to go 4,000 to 2,000 employees and be fine so this trend could accelerate even if Shopify is the same for three years right and listen just for fun then we could break I asked Claude who isn't that crazy guy on Twitter trying to get views going to my point what would happen if with AI we were able to reduce tech headcount by 50% just reduce headcount by 50% because of AI Claude said the short version 600 billion to 900 billion in GDP impact 4 to 5 million total jobs lost including all multiplier facts and local economic devastation in 5 to 6 cities where tech is concentrated it would be one of the largest economic shocks in US history outside of a world war or pandemic I'm not saying it's true but I just asked Claude to parse the data if we lost half our headcount now here's where I'm not smart enough even in some ways not growing headcount for a decade is losing headcount too right because the revenue will grow so high right yes but go back to your thing I think you are right a lot of companies will do that kind of dramatic headcount reduction and I think the most obvious place will be all the levered P.E. backed highly levered SaaS companies because if you're not levered if you're public if you have time you can do the Toby thing and just hold headcount flat rely on growth you don't have to do traumatic surgery you'll just be able to become steadily more efficient if you owe six times EBITDA on debt and you bought the thing for eight or nine times and now it's trading at four times you have to start paying down that debt and there's no growth so I think a lot of those guys will look at very draconian expense management structures yeah it's a good point if you are a Toma Bravo with Cooper and Anna plan I'm not picking on I didn't mean to pick on that I'm using as an example so please your answer is not dependent on Cooper and Anna but that ilk and you're growing at 20% with no founder CEO so hired CEO P run what do you do I think Rory is making a more a brutal encodion point which is there's folks like that are growing 6% that are out of massive debt leverage okay they have no choice but to shrink right the math doesn't solve any other way right 20% you at least you have options you can probably do the Toby playbook if you're north of 20 the probably the math barely pencils out at that level right that compounds to enough growth over four to five years to pay off your debt but in the single did these all these blue owl and friends they're just upside down on this debt they can't pay it off what happens I mean I think if the debt is upside down hence the blue owl thing then the equity is gone I think a lot of these folks yeah they're not just going to roll over and die they're going to do exactly what Jason said they're going to try and cut expenses knuckle down to a very you know the debtors will extend the debt because they won't want to crystallize the loss the equity will run the business and try hard to pay down cash they will reduce headcount dramatically there'll be much less attractive place to work there'll be much less attractive vendors to supply to you because they won't be investing in R&D but and this is the sad comment the inertia in a lot of software contracts is such that it'll take a long time and dying so it'll just be a steady nasty grind I don't think it'll be the cataclysmic all going wrong on Friday kind of thing I think it just be a long five-year grind but yeah my guess I don't mean to go off top my get I be here where you thought more about this and probably you have Harry is my guess is we will end up seeing more and more of five to six to eight start-ups at 50 to 100 to 200 million in revenue mashed together at nominal prices of two times revenue or less they'll just be all mashed up everyone knows it's not the best idea everyone knows that the 11 companies Clary has bought do not have perfect synergies right but it's the best idea we have for these companies at 2x one and a half I know it's probably not even an error multiple but one and a half to two time people will just say enough already it's time one and a half one to two times revenue will capitulate and you'll see these sort of Frankenstein B2B companies that have their many constellations or whatever but it's the best play left right and you'll bring in professional management that will have 20 products right we'll see 20 unicorns merge into one thing that will IPO in 2027 agreed except the last sentence they'll try and IPO in 2027 but you're right Jason it is I think that's a great it's the best idea they got you've got this 50 million dollar revenue thing with no acquirer maybe if you had five 50 million dollar revenue things and roughly the same market you could build a 250 million dollar thing that would be profitable enough and or get some growth at scale it'll be a miserable way to consolidate all that debt those are going to be the most impacted by this kind of decline in the perceived value we're going to have new companies we can either talk about Figma's earnings or open ai's spending increases next which one do you want to do I want to know from Rory what he thinks the open ai gravy train ends I mean what is it another hundred they need 110 billion we've all had this board meeting guys be walking in there's good news and bad news the good news is we're making up more hardware and other revenue three years out the bad news is I need I need another 110 billion to get there that's grounded in numbers and open ai is doubling spend to 665 billion by 2030 but they're upping their revenue forecast by 27% to 280 billion based on products that mostly don't exist today hardware adds everything else Rory at one level it's been interesting just watching the conversation that Claude now gets the benefit of the doubt and people believe it can kill everything and open ai which was the darling now gets no benefit of the doubt and almost like it's a clown show and I think the truth is probably known as ever as good as bad as they seem it's pretty straightforward open ai is still the clear winner in the consumer space in terms of mind share I think what they're grappling with is how ambitious can they be in these capital markets and they clearly still want to be ambitious and they're still getting funded to be ambitious but you're right it's that when you run the math out and it's the consumer product that does exist then you add on to it the enterprise product that exists but is not doing as well as on Tropic and then you add on to that agentic products that don't yes exist yet and then you add on that quote unquote consumer monetization beyond subscription of 30 to 77 billion which is basically ads and other stuff what you recognize is you're spending a large amount of current real dollars that NVIDIA and all the other people think they're going to collect in anticipation of a whole bunch of future anticipated dollars which are entirely credible to believe but there's a lot of there's a lot of leaning into the future here and so far going back to the Satrini memo as long as these companies are perceived as so powerful that they can destroy everything they will be able to get money because the truth is if you believe you're the thing that can kill everyone else then the only rational response as an investor is oh my god if the models are going to take over the world I better get me some models so all this fear mongering is good for both of them I guess the question is do you think Sam is right to be as aggressive as he is being on all fronts hardware ads discovery codex health or will it be a better play being much more focused in the Dario mindset of enterprise coding he's expanding more and more as we're seeing but it's still enterprise focus more specific Jason had said this but just pragmatically you've got to say that if you were 10x ahead of a competitor and now you're only 3x ahead of a competitor at some level you did allow them to gain market share and the objective of the game is to beat the other guy so you've allowed the other guy some room so you'd have to say it wasn't the right play this year or last year to allow entropic so much space in the enterprise and maybe doing all the things you were trying to do took your eye off the ball and winning the two or three things that you must win now you also got to say this team and this man has created the single most exciting AI company on the planet earth so I'm not going to say it here was a little minnow criticizing him but as yet what you can say pragmatically is 23 and 24 were good years for open AI and 25 was a good year for entropic if it's a 10 year race 2 years up 1 year down bring on the next year Roy don't put yourself down you're a GPS scout you can take some I do think I'm confident going to Roy's point I'm confident that Sam's got some advantages in the world right so I'm confident the bets they're making are the right bets to make today given the fact that they've committed to an insane growth number right that they need to raise an additional 110 billion of capital I'm confident it is the right plan and also honestly if it doesn't work out he can dump the hardware business in a heartbeat he can dump all this stuff this is he can dump anything if it doesn't work and they will ruthlessly dump it if it doesn't work they're not committing everything up front today so you got to pick your three to five best bets at the start of the year maybe in the age of AI you got to change them every week but you these are the best bets it's just the funny thing is it's just and granted the open AI slides were leaked to the information right so it wasn't presented publicly it just feels so much like a startup board meeting you see where you walk in at the start of the year and someone's got these things it's there's a stack chart that looks beautiful but three of the colors have never been done yet they're aspirational and so the good news is Rory and Harry were raising our forecast 30% and we just need another 80 million to do it it just felt like that on steroids but I think he was I think those slides were for the believers right so the believers the soft banks and others will give him more money I think that's the point because you're not going to believe on those that the revenue from hardware and ads and research are real unless you want to believe if you want to believe you'll believe it right if you're a skeptic you're going to like you're going to take your marker out and just delete those bars but man it felt like a couple board meetings I was in in December yes except as you point out with 3x to 0 is attached to every number we just need another 111 billion again you got to say these are the two fastest growing companies in history that's just a statement of fact Jason you said last week that essentially lovable and rapist rise was a fault on Figma and their ability to do you know 3 400 was a take from Figma maybe just a missed a theoretically missed opportunity in their sweet spot just theoretically missed yeah okay a theoretical miss Figma came out with their Q4 2025 earnings they were very good accelerating growth at 1.2 billion they are growing 40% year on year versus 38% year on year in Q3 so up there amazing retention of $10,000 plus customers 97% GRR 136% NDR this was a great quarter for Figma all around the stock up 15% after earnings how did we see these numbers talk to me through this super interesting because this is a company whose leader is clearly saying I know what I got to do I'm not in any doubt I've got to add AI capabilities I got to go from design all the way to to coding and I got to add that and make it happen and they seem to be getting decent adoption of it right this is what winning looks like in SAS in a sector where it's very credible very credible perhaps more credible than most that an AI native product could disrupt you right I would argue something like accounting you're five years away from AI native being disruptive in something like design and co-gen creative and co-gen it's here right now so this is what fighting back looks like with a generational talent entrepreneur a company still at its peak i.e. not stale and clearly trying to punch back if this was a boxing lineup in Vegas this would be one of the marquee headline events in the right corner Dylan Field heavyweight champion of the world in the left corner lovable replete ringman Jason Lemkin you know so what do you think Jason how's the fight going look I think it's tough because of ding ding ding ding it was a great there's nothing to not loving the quarters epic right epic company epic quarter we've just given up on the present we're all panicked about the future and you get no credit for a great quarter right you get no credit you know I read one analysis of Monday who we all love and the criticism Monday was constantly beating and then but then lowering like we want you have to constantly be beep beep everything we're looking for 10 quarters of ai dominance and so it's just tough even on figma I guess at a meta level it's a race I just listen I'm not as big an expert in figma as I am say in docuSign but there's a similarity between the docuSign and the adobe sign and figma which is that the products are much more workflow oriented they're much more systems of collaboration and they're just about getting pixel perfect designs created but I would just be shocked if at some point in the next 8 to 18 months a cloud code can't automatically make designs that are as elegant as beautiful as a designer can because you already can in some custom LLM's for images you can build epic images you could you literally can mock a website that cloud code would build from a design perspective I find it hard to believe in the end of the year we're going to mock it I find it hard to create genuinely custom artistic artisanal beautiful designs I would be shocked if that's not possible at the end of the year I'd be shocked and what does that mean for figma exactly and that's why it's hard to be but that's why I'm going to make our bets but it's hard to be bullish on anything right now from the past it's hard to be but it's I know it's the job but man it's just it's stressful I would love to know how stressed Dylan is maybe it's a two but I'd be stressed most of the CO's I talked to are pretty stressed right some of the executive teams aren't they're checked out but most of the CO's are stressed I sit in the investment committee this week and I said well there's two areas where I'm finding value and security it's one where there's deep integrations and partnerships which are difficult and they'll never do we're an investor in our wallets we've discussed before they have hundreds of banking relationships and partnerships with Southeast Asian Indonesian banks that no one will ever have in terms of where there's deeply technical complex coordination challenges like fuse energy another one of our investments which own end to end from energy supplying creation to delivering it to a consumer's home so that's where I put my bets so there is areas of secure value still but I think you're talking past each other because of course you're right Harry because the two examples you cited are a financial company and a physical power company and right even the most deluded AI believer doesn't think that they're going to take over fintech and doesn't take over energy so I agree let me be clear you can invest comfortably in those two areas and not have to spend a ton of time on AI I think when Jason says it's hard to be comfortable about the past perhaps the more precise version of that which is the core question it's hard to be comfortable in the past in core B2B software maybe in core software I mean it's funny when Adobe tried to buy it yeah at the time it seemed like they were overpaying because it was a big drop at the time right but at least they're buying a 20-year business okay Scott was Scott Balsky was paying twice what anyone else would pay to get shit done kudos to him actually kudos to him for putting his job on the line overpaying but so what you were buying a 20-year position like creative cloud and Photoshop you know you fast forward today Figma says one of their biggest growth drivers is integration with cloud code and Figma make that it's natively integrated and if you go into an applet and I'm sure it's doing lovable you can natively integrate Figma too but it's like Fortnite like what if the native integration they just overlaps more and more the rest of the year and then sometimes I'll integrate cloud code and Figma but you know some other times I'll just have cloud code do the whole design it's getting pretty good it is ingested every single website and mobile app on planet Earth it can reproduce and iterate a version of that that's just as good why can't it? So Jason I'm gonna push you would you be a buyer or seller of Figma today? I decided listen I'm terrible I'll give you I'll give you an example of my competence here next and it'll partially resonate with Rory but I thought about this and I actually vibe coded something to help me make the decision you know I think I'm only gonna bet on the winners right now I'm gonna do the Andreessen version the Thrive version and Figma may make it because I'm looking what are what are the stocks that are actually up okay and they're ones you might not want to buy but they're basically Palantir, Figma, Mongo, Cloudflare and Shopify those are the only ones that are up over a year those are the only five that are up over a year right you can find other esoteric ones but these are the core ones those are probably the ones I'm gonna buy so I I don't know maybe 18 months ago I decided I was gonna I was gonna go bargain shopping on public stocks but that seems paradoxical what you said that you would see claw being able to make and design in the same way that many are using Figma today then you would buy yeah because there's so much uncertainty I'm gonna be a momentum better investor I'm gonna bet on the ones that are winning because I believe success will be get success that the best people will continue to go in an age of uncertainty I don't want to bet that the ones that are down I mean get labs are great companies down 59.62% the last year I don't want to make that that's for somebody else I've already made those bets in the past I lost up money on all of them I just don't want non founder like companies I know but I just I I'm going I'm going momentum I actually think Terry just I actually think Jason's answer was utterly coherent in a sense other logical it is you exactly I see what you're doing this and it's the you're exactly why it's a momentum play right and all the data says and I always struggle with this in the short term over kind of six months in public market six months to 18 months momentum plays work value plays don't and over a five year period value plays work and momentum plays advantage goes away and of course the trick is to figure out when you're transitioning from one to the other and you're taking that risk you you're calling the market right now is a momentum market that's what you're doing when you do this so far you've been right to be clear at least I'm saying when everything is in a state of just flux I'm going to bet on whoever has the gravitas and momentum is gravitas because momentum at least for a little while does build on it this isn't just fake hype of marking up around this is real momentum so what about this comment because I wrestled I mean it's now getting to genuine actual investing because it's actually been the right play right it's been the right playing the public markets have been the right playing the private markets the companies that had good rounds have good follow-on rounds right so you have to ask yourself that logically is not extensible forever because you know trees don't grow to the sky as they say in Wall Street right so let's take Palantir right massive momentum play as yet over the last six months it's been hit not quite as hard our last three months anyway not quite as hard as the boring ass sas stocks but it's been stamped pretty effectively over the last three months correct yeah it's down 27% and if your momentum play how do you respond to that information because at some point something that's trading at 40 or 50 times revenues I mean it's down from 70 to 46 times revenues has probably got risk of blow up in it how do you think about the risk of blow up versus wanting to still be in the momentum play just to make it really practical I just decided for me a year is the right measurement point there's all different if you do year to date three months one week one hour I feel like a year is shows the durability of this at least looking backwards I don't know I'm gonna pick from those five it would have been different than last week where I would pick favorites and try and find dislocate like here's the greatest dislocation if I look at the public stocks right claveo versus Shopify claveo is essentially a derivative of Shopify it's essentially just a derivative of like almost 100% revenue attached yet in the last year Shopify net is still at least up last year 2.63% but claveo is down minus 58% and so if I'm a bargain hunter I'm gonna go to claveo I'm not gonna buy Shopify I'm gonna buy claveo it's gotta be a bargain interesting no I think actually funny enough because I often can tend to value but in this case I would argue your instinct is correct bringing it back to the CEO of Shopify if Shopify is going to thrive and that guy looks like he wants to thrive he has to build agents on top of his stuff and fundamentally he has to take the market cap that currently has accreted to claveo that's definitely a risk it's definitely a risk yeah and so I actually think you're right in that case I mean again I'm genuinely trying to seek knowledge here right I think in that case the bargain hunt would be a mistake because the adjacent competitor namely Shopify who is less dislocated than you he probably has to kill you in order to survive and provide a day execute well they're gonna take some of your revenue okay what about this one Palantir last year even with its ups and downs last year up 41% in the last 12 months the worst performer are one of our personal favorites Atlassian worst performer of last year down 74.85% I mean Atlassian does not have the direct disruption risk that claveo has with Shopify right I can still argue it's oversold claveo I can argue it's oversold that disruption risk but minus 74 versus plus four this is the greatest bargain this is the delta is over 100% here this is actually very illustrative and this is something I've been thinking about a lot so I want to what you're doing here is momentum investing you are just looking at the price action independent of the valuation and you're saying do I go with them yeah the momentum what you're not saying is is there a price at which you own Atlassian and by the way there's not a criticism I think in the short term momentum has been the only play that worked but in the public and the private I believe we've been in a momentum market in the private side also it's too hard to find new shit just find a shit that's working and pile on because the next round is going to be in six months and it's going to be the last round independent of value so to be very clear I think that if you said to me should you buy the stock that's up 44% I'll just talk to down 71% if I'm a momentum player the answer is by the 44 if I'm a value player the correct answer is I don't know until I see the numbers and then I got to look at the value relative to growth well Atlassian is accelerating a year ago is growing 20 now it's growing 23% at 6.3 billion Revo it's accelerating and yet it's the biggest decliner of the entire group and it's accelerating this is not down to single-digit growth that's my point so therefore I might argue perhaps wrongly that you'd start to nibble at that one versus being afraid to catch the one at 43 times revenues even though it's had the momentum but I'm also humble enough to say the momentum plays what's worked that's why this is hard the problem with perfectly priced momentum plays is it doesn't take a lot to knock you off kilter God I need to get thinking about these pics I love Mike by the way I think he's awesome yeah I mean as arm if we're if we're abstracting everything else this is the best pick on the list because of the ones that have been beaten down the most it's the one that's accelerating none of the rest are accelerating so if you had to be simplistic what's the greatest dislocation the market stock price down the most but with the most revenue acceleration that's still above the fold per our conversation as armchair value investors you couldn't do better than Atlassian you literally cannot find anything better that's accelerating and is beaten up also if you're concerned as revenue durability you know the increasing portion of multi-year contracts with large enterprises relatively answers a lot of those concerns yeah if there's any humans left to buy the product of course but you're right of course of course listen I want to finish on on one which I think is very interesting from a venture perspective we saw Jack Altman raised last year 275 million for alt cap he's a wonderful dude I'm sure everyone loves Jack no one in the valley decides Jack he made the move to benchmark very big move leaving his firm or kind of shutting shop on his firm to join the great gps that are at benchmark today how did we analyze this move is the symbolic of the further consolidation of venture what did we think about this move because it was a big surprise to the ecosystem I think it was a clever move by a very shrewd firm I think it's been no ML for 15 20 years which is we have a very compelling offering to make to any GP will make you equal in a very successful partnership with a lot of autonomy therefore you can have your pick of proven talent you're not in the growing talent business you're in the picking talent business and in general you can make people a compelling offer that most people are inclined to take this is just an extreme version of that to me the more interesting thing at a meta level is that if he really took his last fund he raised like 400 million in two years okay and the last 250 million dollar fund as an essence of solo GP forget how it's structured he it is him it is it is him and he gave it all back to the LPs that is not a minor give and even if you're made whole because I was offered to be made whole a couple times in the old days it's made whole with asterisks and daggers you got to stay you got to deliver and and maybe it's made whole no matter what the Lord brings but so if you're confident you can triple 250 and retain massive economics in it in terms of carry and fees what with the interesting thing is there's so many gps who would love to have what Jack had there's so many folks stuck at venture firms stuck working for people and they're like my god if I could have 400 million in two years to invest when whatever the f I want and Jack gave up the dream of 95 percent of folks stuck in venture I think again Jason you're on a roll at the moment that is the other interesting point is that most people in this way is an implicit and embedded compliment to benchmark yeah I think I think it might be more than that though because you have to ask yourself why he would do that but I remember on the old days and I'm sure Harry got similar offers and those may more but in the old days I got a mega firm that I didn't even know what that made that offer to me because I just raised my first fund and they said well we'll just make this come here do sass we'll make you whole we'll make you everything and they're going to sell off every exit we have and we'll pay you two to three million dollars a year and you don't have to do it like why we'll make you whole but I'm like who do I have to work for for I didn't sell my last company to go work for somebody it wasn't even like a 10 10 minute conversation it was like I can't even get it to work in my head yeah Jason has enough self-knowledge to know he is destined never to work for another human being again and humanity is grateful for someone that I'm in love with so so respect the CEO and they would let me work in my box it's not true I would do it but it has to be in that special you know special situation right for someone that you just respect so much but so he gave up a lot that's just the interesting he gave up a lot and it that it was worth it to him to be part of this enter entity this brand and I just think I don't know what it says but it says a lot about 2026 that you would give up the dream of 95% of venture that you would give up the case not to be tacky on this pod but even if as a soldier you be even if you just manage the fees on 400 million it's like not terrible lifestyle you can still afford to eat at a pretty good restaurant from time to time you might even be able to rent an apartment in Harry's building I think people that successful aren't enter correctly into minimizing the downside it's I mean I'm sure the attraction is work with a great group of people build a great fund and yeah you I still prefer to be on my own especially if you already gotten on your own but you know it's a compelling offer Jason would you leave Sassard to a 500 million fund with me and Rory I wouldn't do it because I don't I don't think I would be successful why look everybody's this is a very niche industry right this is as niche as it gets right I campaign to pitch it to you Jason that actually this is could be the next greatest five years of your investing career the insights that you have as an investors today because of your proximity to it make you better than ever as an investor I would argue and I think Rory would probably agree it should be I think you're right it should be it should be whether it will be remains to be seen right it should be and so you should be more aggressive than ever not less would be my argument I just don't know if I could sit in Monday partner meetings again for four hours I don't think I could I see you out there Harry on the road with all your portfolio companies on LinkedIn and celebrating their series they like I am the most loyal person the founders I invest in but that's not me anymore like I've done that s I just not I can't do it I can't I told my LPs and covert I'm not doing the I'm not doing any more AGM I'm not standing up there with like here's the numbers I'll go talk to you like I'll drop by your office but I'm done with this performative all-day circus of an AG not that I think there's anything wrong with it I actually think AGMs are very important I'm just not going I'm just not doing one again if you want to work with me as long as I don't have to go to the AGM maybe it's okay but especially if the person has a perspective or you have to be able to leverage their strengths and backfill their weaknesses right so my particular strengths are deep deeply know everything around this agentic go to market and have a large group of founders that I've helped that believe in me people do trust me as Harry knows you just had a conversation about it right but I'm not good at some other stuff and most ventures kind of that going to Harry's point of benchmark should be five flat partners there's this certain heurism of most venture that if you don't fit into those things you might not thrive at different entities right this that it's it there's still a little bit of solo hunting and meeting on Monday and weird consensus driven outcomes where everyone's not that happy about Rory or Jason's deal but I got to do it because Harry wants to do his deal there's just a it's just a niche thing and I think if you want certain people that are talented you got to let them do their thing and nothing else that's the key and I think adventure it's harder to do that than an anthropic to tie it all together an anthropic they're going to find you your niche if you're off the charts right although even there I wonder boys it's a wrap I so appreciate you guys but before we leave you today are you a founder working nonstop to raise your next round are you an investor doing all you can for your portfolio companies to help them stand out funding and scaling a vision is challenging banking should not be HSBC innovation banking caters to tech and healthcare founders all over the world who need a really great banking partner that matches their pace offering fast onboarding product packages designed for your business and capital solutions built for high gross startups and the VCs investing in them with HSBC innovation banking is rapid onboarding you can get access to your new accounts and facilities quickly so your team can stay focused on building and scaling what's next you'll be paired with your own dedicated team of venture ecosystem veterans who have the network and experience to guide companies in your specific sector at your specific stage and behind that sport is this real strength HSBC is three trillion dollar balance sheet and global network that provides this stability in international reach needed to grow your operation with confidence to see how HSBC innovation banking can support you whether you're on day one or day a thousand visit innovation banking dot HSBC to learn more and connect with an innovation banking specialist that's innovation banking dot HSBC while HSBC manages your corporate banking needs deal helps you build the global team behind it two minutes can change your startups trajectory the pitch by deal is a global startup competition where founders pitch their company in just two minutes for a chance to win a one million dollar investment you'll compete with startups from around the world and get in front of experienced judges who back ambitious teams if your startup is ready for its next step take your shot apply at deal dot com forward slash 20 VC pitch that's deal dot com forward slash 20 VC pitch once deal helps you hire your global team framework gets them wowed on the way in you know that moment when marketing wants a landing page design mocks it up and engineering says we'll get to it thousands of businesses from early stage startups to fortune 500s are choosing to build their websites in frame where changes take minutes instead of days to solve this very problem frame is an enterprise grade no code website builder the works like your team's favorite design tool and it's used by companies like perplexity mirror mix panel to move faster designers and marketers can fully own the site with real-time collaboration a robust CMS built for SEO and advanced analytics that include integrated a B testing so you're not just shipping pages but you're maximizing what works and when you're ready to ship changes go live in seconds with one click publish without relying on engineering plus frame is built for scale with premium hosting enterprise grade security and 99.99% uptime SLAs whether you want to launch a new site test a few landing pages or migrate your full dot com frame has programs for startups scale ups and large enterprises to make going from idea to live site fast learn how you can get more out of your dot com from a framer specialist or get started building for free today at framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off 30% off a framer pro annual plan that's framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off framer.com slash 20 VC rules and restrictions may apply

</details>
