---
title: "20VC: SaaS is Dead: Why Systems of Record Will Die in an Agentic World | What Revenue Multiple Will Software C"
people_mentioned: ["Harry Stebbings"]
channel: "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"
video_id: "8e6c8839-1bcc-4fab-931e-d0d80c574f03"
url: "https://open.spotify.com/episode/8e6c8839-1bcc-4fab-931e-d0d80c574f03"
publish_date: 2026-02-16
duration: "1:27:38"
word_count: 19527
content_type: "solo-talk"
delivery_mode: "technique"
broad_category: "ai"
subcategories: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics"]
series_name: ""
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Harry Stebbings"
host_names: []
interviewer_names: []
interviewee_profiles: []
speaker_profiles: ["Harry Stebbings"]
organizations_mentioned: ["AlphaSense", "While Alpha Sense", "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: []
companies_mentioned: []
topics: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics", "lead-generation", "product-management"]
tags: []
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (19527 words)</summary>

We used to be 6,000 or over 7,000 people and we're now less than 3,000. And I didn't ask for a single dime to do all this. And the reason for that is because I've seen the acceleration of AI and I know we can ship all these things on the existing organization. We've gone from 7,000 people, we're now below 3,000. We've shrank 50%. This is what I signed up for. It is stressful, it was hard as hell, but this is what I wanted. The next thing that's gonna hit everyone bad is the switching cost of data. This is 20 VC with me, Harry Stebbings. Now we have an incredible episode today. Seb from Clon is probably one of the leading figures in how to implement and use AI effectively to shrink headcount and make your business way more efficient. This was one of the most wide-ranging conversations we've had. Seb was just awesome in the studio. It's a fucking great show. I loved doing it. He was incredible. Let me know what you think. Harry at 20VC.com. I want this to be the best podcast that you listen to every week. But before we dive into the show today, as an investor, I'm always on the lookout for tools that really transform how I work. Tools that don't just save time, but fundamentally change how I uncover insights. That's exactly what Alpha Sense does. With the acquisition of Tagus, Alpha Sense is now the ultimate research platform built for professionals who need insights they can trust fast. I've used Tegus before for company deep dives right here on the podcast. It's been an incredible resource for expert insights. But now with Alpha Sense leading the way, it combines those insights with premium content, top broker research, and cutting edge generative AI. The result, a platform that works like a supercharged junior analyst delivering trusted insights and analysis on demand. Alpha Sense has completely reimagined fundamental research, helping you uncover opportunities. From perspectives, you didn't even know how they existed. It's faster, it's smarter, and it's built to give you the edge in every decision you make. To any VC listeners, don't miss your chance to try Alpha Sense for free. Visit alphacense.com forward slash two zero to unlock your trial. That's alphacense.com forward slash two zero. While Alpha Sense helps you find the signals that move markets, AirWallet helps you move money globally just as fast. Founders, let's get real about the growth tax. You've raised VC funding in your scaling globally and it's no longer about shipping product. It's about orchestrating operations across continents. But suddenly your payments and finance stack is choking your growth. You're logging into lots of different banking portals, waiting days for transfers and reporting across entities. It's operational drag and it's at your scale. It's costing millions. That's why I'm so excited to partner with AirWallet. AirWallet's are more than just a banking alternative to HSBC or Citi. AirWallet's brings you an intelligent financial operating system that powers how global businesses operate and grow, allowing you to manage and automate banking, treasury, payments, and spend. The most exciting part for me, they're heavily investing in a genetic finance. If you're scaling globally, you need a banking and finance platform that's borderless, real-time, and intelligent. Check out AirWallet's today and see how they're helping thousands of businesses like Canva, McLaren, and Deal. Scale at airwallet.com forward slash 20 VC. Terms and conditions apply. Your monies are safeguarded, not FSCS protected. See airwallet.com for more details. While AirWallet's makes global payments feel seamless, that makes the security and compliance behind them seamless too. Security and compliance done wrong is a giant headache. Security and compliance done right, though? Well, that's Vanta. Vanta helps you earn trust and speed up growth. No spreadsheets required. For startups low on time and resources, Vanta becomes your first security hire, using AI and automation to get you compliant fast and unblock really big deals. And if you're big enterprises, Vanta is your AI-powered hub for compliance and risk, bringing together data from across your business and automating workflows so you can prove trust at any moment. Vanta scales with you at every stage. That's why top companies, from startups like Cursor to enterprises like Snowflake, choose Vanta. Do security and compliance right. My listeners can get $1,000 off Vanta by going to Vanta.com forward slash 20 VC. That's Vanta.com forward slash 20 VC for $1,000 off Vanta. You have now arrived at your destination. Sebastian, it is so good to have you in the studio, dude. We've done this before, but to have you here in person is fantastic. So thank you for joining me. I am so happy to be here. This is gonna be a lot of fun. Dude, this is gonna be great. So this is also gonna be the best show you've ever done. You've done a lot of shows. I'm telling you already. Dude, where the fuck is value in a world of anthropic and Claude code wiping billions of dollars off a stock market? How should I think about that? You should think that cost of creating software is going down to zero. And that means that everyone will be able to generate software at any point of time. So it is a massive change. And I was 100% convicted about this already when I saw this one or two years ago. So that's been very clear to me. If the cost of software creation is going down, how do we determine which businesses have sustaining value versus which do not? So the key thing right now is so far, the only thing that's gone down to, or not to zero yet, but become extremely much cheaper is the generation of software. The next thing that's gonna hit everyone bad is the switching cost of data. Because so far what you're seeing is you have proprietary data stuck in for example, the CRM vendor or the other software as a service that you're using currently. So you may replicate and build the same dashboard or build the same processes in your own tool, but all your data is in there according to their data model, according to their setup. What's gonna happen is people are gonna start solving that problem. How do I get all of my data from the existing vendor and move it to the new vendor with the help of AI through one click? That brings down switching cost and that's when the real threat to SaaS comes. So we had a niche from Andreessen on the show on their GPS and he said agents in particular will dramatically reduce the friction of switching. Yes. Is that the method of which you're talking about which will allow for this migration to happen? Exactly, that's exactly what's happening. It's going to happen, it's happening already. If that is the case, should ERPs and service nows and sales forces not be dramatically threatened? I think the stock market woke up to that in the last few weeks, right? It's not like any business is going to disappear overnight because people tend to stick, they have used these things for a long period of time, they like them, et cetera. The question is at what multiples should they trade? And if you look at historically software could trade at a price to sales, I'm not gonna talk price to earnings because some of them are in profitable so it's not an easy way to compare, but if you do price to sales they've been trading at 20, 30 and now they're down at five, 10 but if you look at utilities, normal companies that are more utility they may trade at one to two. So from that perspective you would argue there is still some unfortunate potential to come down even further. Look at Chegg in the US, right? They're now trading at 0.2, chat GPT was seen as basically wiping out their business a few years and now they're trading at a depressed value and now the revenue is also coming down actually 34% last time I checked. Is that gonna happen? I don't think so. That's probably too extreme. 0.2 would be very extreme for some of these companies but is it likely they could come down to one or two? Yes, I think so. My question to you though, there's this kind of consensus from all investors which is always a worrying thing that if you think that we're really gonna vibe code a lot of these tools internally you've never worked in a big organization the permissions, the hierarchy that ensues with the implementation of these tools we are not gonna see large companies vibe code mission-critical systems and they will keep the largest systems of record. How do you think about that when David Satter says that? No, I understand that some people have that opinion I am not because I think one thing is also like currently the way AI is set up and I've already started seeing people doing this differently but one thing is right now AI is allowing us to reinvent the wheel all the time, right? So if you come in and say I wanna write this piece of code somebody else prompted the same AI the exact same thing somewhere else we're still using tons of server power to do generate the exact same code what people is gonna start realizing why? Why don't I cache these things? If I'm getting the same question if I'm getting the same or why don't I use existing open source components and reuse software? Like what if software becomes more like Lego pieces that you put together that perfect? It's gonna be more and more efficient to just like bundle things together and this also means that things like what you're talking about is like production ready security is short and all these things they will become almost standardized building blocks and I'm thinking in the future I'm not sure AI was even gonna code that much it's just gonna pick some pieces together and stitch them together to come to what you really need which also actually means less need for compute. The other argument is enterprise software spends about eight to 12% of company budgets and you look at that and you go well hang on a minute our core business is X why the fuck are we building a Monday replica or a you name it replica? That's not our core business why spend the internal resources on it? How do you justify that? I think that's to some degree correct but like if funny the same weekend that this whole Claude bot thing exploded on X I was actually sitting myself and playing around with a project which I was just calling company in a box and the idea was just I just wanted to test a little bit and the idea was to do very similar what Claude bot did but for a small company and I just put like a small workspace and there was accounting and in that I put an open source accounting software and then I put like a CRM and I put an open source CRM and then I put a Claude agent on top of that and then I told my Claude agent hey can you book keep this invoice for me or hey can you set up this customer account for me on top of that software right and it worked really really nice so I just wanted to test the idea because the point is that and that's actually where it's also I see the risks of even more jobs being threatened because to some degree if I'm a small company today then I may have an accountant firm that's helping me with accounting and those are the ones I would email like hey can you fix this invoice or how much money do I have on my cash you know what's the current P&L look like et cetera but now I have Claude as an accountant on top of the accounting open source software and then I'm just asking you hey book keep this invoice or check me my balance and it works really really well so I think I'm not saying I don't think the plumbing firm the electrician of the future will code the vibe code this themselves definitely not they will buy off the shelf products for this but the thing is the question is most of our ERP systems that we see today or software as a service because coding was so difficult and hard are still fairly siloed they are not broad in their spectrum what they cover and the kind of winner of the future is much more likely to be extremely broad they're kind of coming with a Claude bot or Claude bot of companies like those services that's how I think the future of that kind of things is it's different for a company like Clona because in our case to some degree this is the operating system of the company and what we realize when we looked at SaaS and all these things already two years ago which is why we started closing down SaaS for us was because we need to provide our AI the best context we need to provide as good context as possible to be able to perform a job and if your data is separated in these silos a little bit in this SaaS a little bit in that SaaS a little bit here here's all the project management stuff here's all the product definitions here is the accounting stuff here is this here is that it's just harder to provide it the appropriate context right so to us it was like no we need to reimagine the tech stack with AI first being AI native and incorporate AI and deterministic and probabilistic code into one text that it becomes the operating system of the bank and I think that that's like the future of larger enterprise and that's why to us we're very mindful like we do still use some SaaS for short like we use Slack as an example today like which is a Salesforce company right we should use slash work it's one of us it's a comparison it's much better yeah I would have to try it we incubated it so you see what I mean so it's just like for a large company I think that like obviously not everyone really needs to reinvent everything I don't think the plumbing firm will reinvent I don't think they're gonna wipe code that's not the point I think they will buy something like it looks like Claudebot or company in a box kind of thing totally get you it's the idea of becoming the compound startup and the benefits that come from not having to integrate with 50 different providers so totally get that the agents not just make that easy though the agents not just make the data migration between different tools from third party providers way easier and actually we'll be looking at this going it was a ridiculous idea to ever think that we needed to own every part of every element yep that's exactly you're exactly right that's what it's gonna happen but if that's the case why do you need to vibe code it all yourself and build it all yourself if you're gonna have agents that are able to move data between different products much more easily it depends on what kind of company you are as I said like if you are a plumbing company maybe Claude will offer a solution for all of this an entropic or maybe there will be somebody else who kind of uses Claude and empowers this kind of company in a box experience that I think is still the kind of unknown answer we don't know what's gonna happen custom support is one I just cannot get as a category because there have been 14 players funded with over a hundred million in the last 15 months and then you have all the existing incumbents and then I speak to Ariel and Nirvan Jack-O-Dale Wallix and they're building their own are you building your own custom you are I mean we were one of the earlier ones this is actually one of the things we were surprised but I think I announced already in 23 that RAI customer service had done the equivalent of 600 agents jobs and it caught a lot of attention at the point of time now media always tends to like simplify these stories a little bit the truth was that at that point of time our customer service was doing very simple questions was like hey did I pay Claude? yes you did okay thank you you know like so obviously that wasn't that hard to do but it's still like I mean to some degree large company like ours what do we do? we try to improve our product partially we try to do that for fewer people to you know contact us and ask hey it isn't working or I'm not I don't understand what I'm supposed to do right I mean part of it you just want your product to be so good that people don't feel they have to do that so we've always tried to reduce customer service costs right the only to me shocking experience back then was that like we roll this thing out we've rolled a lot of product improvements out I've never rolled a product improvement out that instantaneously took away 600 you know the equivalent of 600 agents worth of work now because we don't hire these people ourselves they work for customer service companies they just shift and start working on them but so fortunately in that situation nobody lost their job but it was still like an eye-opener for us like wow and then the point is what you realize when you're early on that journey is again for customer service agents whether it's AI or humans for that sake for them to be able to answer questions really well they need as much context as possible where is that context? it's in the source code of your software how does Klana calculate interest? well we can have a the documentation of that but the truth is in our source code is somewhere deep in our source code with that interest calculation is actually explained right and documentation may be inaccurate so what you realize when you pursue this is that like customer service isn't just like hey I need an agent that answers questions sooner or later you wanted to read the source code then explain to the customer how it works you want them to provide as much context as possible to be able to give the right answers and that's when you start realizing that it's not something you in our case at least we come to the conclusion we cannot buy it off the shelf because it actually becomes part of our tech stack will every large technology first company build their own customers' pauses? I'm not sure I think there will be no I think obviously I believe that for Klana the right thing was to be early to try to find what we can do with this technology and where it can bring us and I think it's it's going to be a competitive advantage over time to incumbents that haven't done that but a lot of incumbents will obviously procure fantastic AI customer service solutions in order to try to reduce the gap between what we're doing and they're doing so you know who knows we'll see what happens but in our case it was very evident that we needed to do this ourselves when you said this it was a brilliant headline I was like said from Klana we'll pay 700 and it was a big furor and my question to you was do you think that did more to harm or to help you because for me as a marketer I actually thought it helped you because it put you in a AI first CEO camp that very few public companies CEOs are in yes but it's a good very valid question and one of the things we also realized is that as a Polish person I think when when things are about to change I look at them very cynically right like I'm just like okay this is what's happening I'm not that kind of person that's like going to try to gloom things over I'm like okay this is happening it's going to be a big change to the world how do I adopt what do we do the best out of it and I'm sure there's going to come a lot of positive things a lot of negative things in this case also when we announced this we obviously had some people being very frustrated with us like oh you know you're you're laying people off because of AI people were angry to some degree as well and I respect that I understand why right and that's why a few months later we tried also to go out and say a different story you want it back yeah we don't think so I think Bloomberg changed kind of the headline and then I get misinterpreted but what we were trying to say a little bit later on is that like to me as we explore this further we were like well but to be honest if AI can do customer service it means it's going to be the cheap customer service it's going to be the one that everyone gets because it's cheap and simple but as has always happened historically like when people started in factories making cheap clothing or cheap furniture we started appreciating artisan things we started appreciating an artisan coffee shop an artisan furniture that was done by artisans so we said the future of VIP experience will be the human connection the relationship and now we genuinely believe so we said we need to transform our customer service from thinking about it as like okay yes it's officially just like good customer service but to some degree when I kind of challenged it internally I said look what I've seen has happened is also too much focus on cost there's been too much focus on that we have to rethink this and make customer service into this human part of what Klauna is and make sure that we offer everyone who wants a human connection that's going to be what VIP service looks like in the future like oh I'm not dealing only with machines I'm dealing with a human you know that's what we think at least so that's the message we try to get out I can really get you Seb but I'm sorry dude for being so blunt that sounds a bit Silicon Valley idealistic yeah maybe what I mean by that is that most people are not actually as good as we think they'll be often customer support is roles where you're in there for a year or two and you move on and what you need is Seb I know that you have you know X number of kids and you often like to travel here I thought about these three restaurants for your romantic Valentine's Day trip with your wife that's a really thoughtful agent or person the trouble is most people are not that and it takes training and development to get there the low skilled labor allow that allow social media marketing content creation that's low level is going to be eroded faster than ever before no but you're right and that's exactly why we started changing so one thing that we've done that has worked fantastic for us and we're rolling this out we started saying okay to your point if we looked at like these agents that we were hiring previously even through other companies we didn't really have a relationship with them we don't know who these people were like some of them were great but it was like to your point a mix right and we said how do we create something very different and so what we started since then which has worked amazingly well and we were kind of just starting to ramp it up is we actually built like our own Uber model which means that we encourage today we recruit our own customers the most passionate customers that live in rural areas and so forth and we say hey do you want to work extra would you want to work part time in our customer service and they actually just like somebody can go and drive an Uber for a while they can actually jump on and work for Klana's customer service and these are our most passionate customer they love our products they love how it works they know Klana in and out and now they earn extra money by actually working on our customer service and obviously the MPS and the customer satisfaction of those interactions with our customers is through the roof so we to your point we need to change not and that was what we were trying but it's like very hard in the Bloomberg article like I'm not going to blame the journalists like I think actually if you read the article the original article it's actually fairly balanced and it kind of tries to describe this but then the headline is like they're rolling AI back you know and then the whole media circus go on so it's like oh Klana's just announced that they're rolling it back so it's like no that's not at all but in truth there's no one reads the article anymore they just read the headline yeah exactly Klana's CEO but it's end of finance I was just laughing with them because like yesterday on X somebody wrote like Klana like Klana like company is going to offer buy and not pay later on rent it was Klana like so it was actually another company but people didn't see that they just say Klana is going to offer buy and not pay later on rent and then suddenly we're all over the press people are calling us like I'm just like what are we going to do like it's just not true I remember when I was called in an article former teenager yeah I was like I think this is a broad spectrum of people right now former teenager me and Warren Buffett both have that in common but I'll take it I sat down with the team the other day you know our job is to find value and invest in amazing companies I was like if they sell per seat we're not doing it we need to replace jobs like labor displacement is what we're investing into that's the only way that we can actually return the amount of money that we need to now to make funds worth it do you think that's fair unfortunately I think that is going to happen and I feel like Dario is one of few that actually is willing to stick up and say that officially I feel a lot of the other executives of these big two companies are getting nervous they're seeing the negative backlash of talking about this and then they're trying to portray something different but I don't want to be one of them I'm more in Dario's camp I want to be honest about the fact that I do think there's going to be a very big shift now in addition to that then I think more like Elon that it might lead to a golden age of humanity where AI does more of jobs and more people can enjoy themselves and do other things that we can have a richer society that is not an unthinkable outcome it could be a positive outcome it could happen and I think it's not unlikely that it could happen so I still I'm an optimist at heart but I also want to be realists around what's going to happen in the shorter term and it's going to be a lot of turmoil in this when you said the statement about replacing 700 customer service agents at Clarena what did you not know then that you wish you had known knowing all that you know now nothing you haven't had anything that you've seen that has changed your mind you know what Harry like in 2015 I sat down with my management team at that point in time we have been trying to compete with Stripe and Adion for five years and we were like losing it like they were just you know crushing us we were like this is it and Adion had just signed with Daniel X Spotify my neighbor and I was like this is over man like we're not going to win in this checkout wars like payments wars forget it so we're like what are we going to do as a company what are we going to do and then we sat down as a team and we're like what's the future of banking we said the future of banking is going to be some kind of digital financial assistant wakes you up in the morning say I checked your mortgage you're overpaying like hell and I have renegotiated for you and I can do all the paperwork you just need to say yes to say 50 quid right and like that's the future of retail banking and that we said in 2015 okay so what does that mean for Klauna we're like hey let's become your digital financial assistant let's be that assistant that saves you that time and money and ever since that it's been like where we're going so all these things now obviously I didn't predict chat GPD I didn't predict all this stuff happening but that to me that we're going to become a digital financial assistant and we need the kind of technology that AI is to accomplish that was you know crystal clear for me for the last 10 years and I just been running down that path continuously and to me it's like self-driving cars we all know it's going to happen and first it was a huge hype and every day we're reading in the paper like oh my god it's happening tomorrow tomorrow everyone's investing and it's crazy and then the hype dies away but like I was always saying people were asking me like what do you think about stuff and I was like look it's going to happen my daughter is not going to get a driver's license do you think your best position to do that like if you look at like the entry point and where you sit in the stack are Revolute not in a more strategic better position to be that digital financial assistant than you that's it I mean I love Revolute I think Nick is a fantastic guy I think it's an amazing company Nick it's the greatest CEO I've ever interviewed I'm also terrified he's going to kill me I love Nick he's amazing I've always felt very competitive with Nick and you know and I think he feels competitive with me we have a common friend who we talk to a lot about these things which is funny but the point is that if you look at it Clana has 110 million customers worldwide Revolute now has 65 I'm twice the size in number of customers but the engagement that I have is not as high yet as it is with Revolute so people may use us less frequently and for other things right so what I'm doing right now what we're doing in Clana is moving from being kind of your infrequent payments solution to being your high engagement banking provider right that transition is going extremely well it's going extremely well it's accelerating people are adopting our banking services at a very rapid pace do you look at Robin Hood I've had Vlad on the show multiple times and I think Vlad was astonishing he's got 11 lines of business that produce over 100 million in revenue I think it's an incredible model for moving from entry product be it BNPL or for him frequency trading into the full stop banking provider do you look at him and do you take lessons from that yeah absolutely but we all have different entry points I mean Revolute to some degree was like an early like hey I'm an expat I travel a lot in Europe and like this is better for my currency or I trade in crypto that was kind of the early adopter thing I think you know Robin Hood was like I'm trading I love trading Clana is very different like our customers like I shop online I do shopping we skew more female than male we have a very different brand I would think of us more like a lifestyle brand like a digital version of American Express that's how I think about Clana so I think all of these growing fintechs you know I know David from new banks since early days like have a funny story where like I was down in Brazil meeting David when he was just leaving Sequoia starting and you know we had a fantastic conversation we talked about the future of banking and then he sends me an email which was like hey Sebastian would you like to like advise me a little bit I'm starting this new company and I was like I'm sorry I don't have the time so I lost out on a lot of a lot I would have been a great angel investor there but that's how life goes yeah you know that's how life goes so anyway so David I'm going to be honest I'm not crying for you no okay okay yeah I don't think anyone will cry for me over that I will cry over myself that's okay I can I can fall asleep crying over that but the funny thing is that like so you have these fintechs now who are actually starting to become really big I mean Revolut is really big Clana is really big new bank you know etc but we're all coming from slightly different angles we're all coming from slightly different and now the people who are going to be threatened by this is the incumbents primarily like of course I'm going to partly compete with Revolut I'm partly doing that already but if you look at like they're very big in Romania Romania is not a big market for me right like I think there's the second largest market or something Revolut if I look at like number of users like Romania is not a big market for me you know I'm very big in other markets so like so that's going to differ right but whose market share are we eating Barclays Wells Fargo's Capital One those are the companies that we are going after right so I don't really see there's a big conflict between us it's more the incumbents that are going to lose customers you spoke about New Bank and David I love David he's amazing fucking legend but anyway obviously they've got a banking license in the US and they're very much aggressively planning the US is the US the main goal for you yes so going back now is it okay sitting in London I'm just like I feel so special in you no no but listen it's like this it comes back to what I said in 15 where like the future of financial services is going to be this digital financial system okay so then the next question is who is going to participate in that challenge and why would Clona stand the chance there's those are the two questions we need to answer right and we say well first and foremost there's going to be three types of company participating the tech companies Google, Amazon, Apple there's going to be FinTech Revolut and some we didn't know I mean that point Revolut hadn't even started but we knew that we're going to come entrance and then banks right that was kind of our view okay so like what's going to be critical for us to win in that big transformation global we're just first if we're just big at that point in time we weren't even in the UK yet but like if we're only in the Nordics in Germany we're not going to have the scale to be able to win this big transformation that's coming so we need to be global and global means US like if you're not in the US if you're not big there you're just not going to be big enough and the risk is you're going to get acquired by somebody in the US so to us like nailing US was like super high priority super high priority second we realized that data the more I understand about you as a customer the more likely I am to give you that advice that you said hey you know you should pick up the flowers when you go there or whatever so the key thing we saw is difference than Revolut and all the others we have our own payments network just like Amex we have our own rails every time you shop with Klana the information that flows on our rails isn't just the amount that you purchase for it's the exact products we have the full digital receipt so we know you shopped at Sephora but also what cosmetics you bought at Shift Sephora and the benefit of that is if I'm then supposed to advise you on your purchases or your day to day finances I just have much more richer information that allows me to provide you good advice oh these contact lenses were really expensive you can get them cheaper etc right so if I want to help people in their everyday spending I have more information so we said understanding the customer depth is very very critical and data was going to be very very important and so it was being global and having a good understanding of our customer and having a lot of trust and brand the other thing was brand build a brand that people relate to that people feel emotionally connected to and not just like in utility right create something different I'm sorry I struggle and you know I'm a proud European I struggle when I look at the European Neobanks and I look at Chime and I look at Dave and I look at all the other current I mean they're all afar compared to the market cap of Revolut right now or whatever the private latest valuation with market caps is a very different thing as you know as a public company CEO like why if the US is such a focus has it been such a lackluster performance from that domestic participants well partially because competition is better if you take your AmEx app in the US and compare it to one here it is significantly better there right your JP Morgan app is significantly better so the financial institutions in the US are just better and the problem is that then people try to find an entry point that is probably for example very big lending and then they you know walk into a lot of subprime and they make huge losses or there are other things right so people struggle to find that entry point but we have 30 million users in the US right almost like I think it's 28 or something so the Betsoo is going to be 30 our card is growing at a very rapid pace so your core focus is can I turn those 30 million users from BNPL into core customer account yes and we saw we launched a card in the US and I have to be careful now because we haven't released new earnings yet coming next week so I have to use the Q3 numbers but if I remember correctly we're like a two, three million active card holders in just a few months in the US so we are transitioning these by now pay later customers into full banking relationship customers at a very, very high pace totally get you when you look at New Bank and Ravallu moving both aggressively in the US if you were to put money on who's going to do better who would do better that's a good question I think I have to go with David wow why because I think Nick's challenge right now might be that he is so distributed I mean he's trying to go for the whole world right I mean he's launching in Dubai he's launching in India he's launching everywhere banking is not your standard tech company it's difficult and so I just wonder if he's like running out of bandwidth right like I think it's more risky David at least has slightly more focus he has a very solid base in Brazil making a lot of money from there he has this Mexican thing and the other thing that are growing pretty good but if he then does US that's just like one more big market it's very different Nick is so thinly spread right now question for you which is you mentioned Stripe earlier in the competition there you're a public company CEO now I'm going to go there and you can do a no comment I have so many public companies here I've never met a happy one never are you happy as a public company CEO happy is a strong word no but I think I think look to us it's like we have over the years so many shareholders so many employees like at some point of time it's actually easier to be public for us we were already reporting on an earnings you know on a quarterly basis we're a bank so like I'm not sure that the difference is that big to be honest from our perspective so it is what it is but like yeah I'm of course if I could own the company 100% then be private I would prefer it right but that's not reality do John and Patrick with Stripe have advantages that you don't have as private companies in their ability to invest in long-term invest in R&D not think about next quarter quite so religiously historically yes but this has changed due to AI one of the things I remember vividly is that when we came to the board and said that like the same plan that I said from 15 right grow global get customers across the board in all countries and then once you have the love and affection of these customers and the relationship with them for day-to-day purchases then go deeper with them offer them more banking like services and increase the revenue per customer right so we have this interesting board meeting where we're like okay now it's really gonna happen guys we are now going to truly start focusing on this transition from just like single payments customer to banking and we're gonna launch peer-to-peer and we're gonna launch you know potentially which is also leaked to the press already trading and we're gonna do like a lot of like the other banking services that we at that point in time didn't have and we're gonna you know increase the card and we're gonna increase balances and deposits and we're gonna do international remittances and all these things and then the board looks at this like yeah you know this kind of transitions can be hard it changes what the bank is for we have this discussion thread an additive thought thank you board this can be hard well no shit yeah exactly but but the funny thing I went out and I was like why was that so easy like I was like how come that one's so easy still like it makes it oh yeah now I know why because usually when a CEO come to the board and say we're gonna do all of these new services we're gonna launch all of this new stuff hence I need to increase my investment and my cost by a hundred million dollars if it's the size of our company to be able to do all of this but I at the same part of time we're showing them a budget I mean Klan has been shrinking we used to be 6,000 or over 7,000 people and we're now less than 3,000 and I didn't ask for a single dime to do all this and the reason for that is because I've seen the acceleration of AI and I know we can ship all these things on the existing organization we've gone from 7,000 people we're now below 3,000 we've shrank 50% and the majority of that is just through normal attrition initially when we had 2020 we did a little bit of layoffs but that was not that big of a number compared to what has happened since then so that was the reason it was the reason it was easy for the board to take decisions I didn't ask for a single dime in investments It's 2030 how many employees do you have then? Less for sure 2,000? No I think it may very well be even less than that No Yes but listen again, relationship cannot be replaced one of the strings We're going to do a show in 2035 and the SAP is going to be the only one Yep I think that the one thing that's important for us relationships we have a relationship with merchants as an example retailers and we have those relationships locally so I have people in Portland talking to Nike I have people in China talking to Sheen I have people in Amsterdam talking to Adion etc, etc so we have over 50 locations where there's people AI is not going to move those jobs like that we need it's very important the relationships with our partners and the same customer service is going to be I'm still going to argue that it's going to be vital to offer a human connection there so those jobs will remain but for the rest it's going to be definitely smaller so we're shrinking through natural attrition with about 20% per year it's just people leaving they stay about five years and then they move on which is natural and then what we have said very clearly is that like we're not going to recruit so we're recruiting a little bit people then came again on exit oh it's not true look they're recruiting it's like come on guys yes occasionally we hire somebody here and there but if you look at the neck you go to LinkedIn and look at the insights you're going to see how the company is shrinking the point is that we've shrank 50% but we also promised our employees which is very important we said guys this is going to mean we're going to do much more with much less people this is going to make more profit for us and you're going to share in that profit so our employee compensation has grown almost 50% per head during the same time so we have given a lot of that money back and that creates safety for employees they know that like through this AI transformation using these utilities they are you know getting some of the benefit of it weird question how do you think about the current state of SPC stock based compensation for anyone which is obviously how we dividend or give stocks to employees and you see aggressive from open AI Ogion being why does Sam give a shit if he doesn't have any stock anyway dilution doesn't matter to him Evan Spiegel is the the godfather of SPC astonishingly high amounts how do you feel about the state of SPC well I think it's very clear when we compare American companies to European companies there's a huge difference I mean I think that like American companies are 5 to 10x more than European companies do and Clon is from that perspective we're a European company we have come from very low levels we have increased because we need to stay competitive for talent and talent today can move between US and EU pretty easily with the help of companies but I still think also the thing that's gonna happen there's been these industries they're called tech and they're called FIN financial services they have all had this amazing thing which is that you create this service and there's a huge switching cost so your customers can't really switch that easily and hence you create this money printing machine and then life is sweet and then you build these campuses and you play volleyball in your office and you go and get free lunches and you live off the spoils of this money printing machine in your basement and that's not how normal business work if you're in retail if you run a restaurant you freaking wake up every morning and you ask yourself how do I put the right product in front of the right customer bring them into my store so that I can actually sell them and make them happy and so forth you have to wake up every day and do care about that right and so the point is that this is going to be a brutal awakening for FIN and tech that's what's going to happen to all of us like we're going to have to wake up every morning make sure that we serve our customers we work really hard and effortlessly to make them happy with what we're offering them and it's not going to be what it used to be and so I think that like share-based compensation as an example like everything that was was it really because it made sense or to what degree was it just the sports and I think to some degree it's sports right and some degree it's relevant like because some people can make a huge difference but there's a balance between the two there is an incredible number of incredible CEOs attacking the incumbent banks what happens to BNP ING 2035 haha I think so that again comes back to what we talked in 15 our conclusion was there's going to be different so what I thought was interesting Solomon also recognized this at Goldman Sachs so he created Marcus and then talking about public companies the challenge was that when FinTech was like everything was high 2021 you know valuations up Marcus is the best thing a Goldman ever did and then suddenly what ends up happening is you know Marcus turn and it's very hard for Solomon to defend Marcus but the problem is like Marcus would have needed 5-10 years to fully mature and when you're a public company that's hard to defend I don't know maybe Solomon doesn't agree and he's like I did the right thing and I changed it but like in my opinion he should have sticked the guns to doing that Jamie is now doing neo banking is going in but he's going in a bit later now and so you will see different banks I think some of them will reinvent themselves become neo banks become tech led use AI to like you know reinvent themselves some of them will not and they will with their way right like which is always what's happened in the disruption of an industry so it will depend on the leadership of those financial institutions you said about 2021 and that high valuations high prices I remember the round where you were done at 45 yeah by a soft bank it's not entirely true there's also a little bit of media but like yes there was there was some shares bought at 45 as well yes that's right knowing what you know now are you happy you did that and is there anything you would have done differently that's a good question I think that when you're in that kind of high growth phase one thing to keep a close eye on is your multiple expansion going faster than what your revenue is growing if your revenue is growing faster than your multiples then you're probably fine but if you start seeing the opposite where multiples are expanding faster than revenue growth that may potentially be a problem longer term right so I think today maybe that like I could have been more careful specifically on the hiring side because it was very sad and difficult to me to like a few quarters earlier be hiring at a high pace and then a few quarters later have to announce layoffs that I felt that like I should have predicted and been more cautious about you mentioned the board meeting earlier where I was like oh that was kind of kind of nice and easy with the expansion you've got an amazing board I'm not talking about the board in any other capacity I'm just asking about like a hard board meeting does Mike ever get angry by the way no he doesn't no angry is not the word for Michael I would be scared if he was no I mean it's actually it's less scary because he doesn't get angry he's like disappointed disengaged is the worst like the worst thing you don't want to get with Michael is disengaged that's like the big warning sign he's never lay on the floor and pretended to sleep nah he no but you know I mean yeah I mean he's so amazing I love him so much I think he's fantastic but you obviously care a lot to make sure that like you want to see that he's engaged can I ask you what's been your biggest lesson from working with him because you're like his chosen child in the nicest way look I've worked with him so many it's a funny story how we ended up working with him because at that point Sequoia it was a guy called Chris Olson which is amazing still a friend of mine who was at Sequoia and he did kind of found Clona he did drive no yeah exactly and he did Clona investment so you know there's just like this story where like I'm talking to this guy saying hey do you because there was a guy in Stockholm that knew Sequoia a little bit so I was like talking to him hey do you think that Sequoia could be invested in you know interested in investing in Clona and and he's like no that would never happen and I was like okay fine so we just talked to the European funds which is like it's not even worth right but I was still looking there in Google Maps I was looking like Sand Hill Road and I was like dreaming you know could I have the chance to work with these guys and then suddenly my phone is buzzing and I'm like oh I had a message I was like this is Chris Olson from Sequoia and you know and I was like oh my god I was like uh oh so what I do is like I know like okay this is like dating right I can't call back in three days so I have to wait I have to wait three days before I call back so I'm just sitting there like counting the hours like I cannot I don't want to look too interested yeah exactly so I'm sitting there and then I call Chris and we take a meeting and they get super excited and we instantly wanted to work with Sequoia we were like they're the best that's how we saw it like we saw this was going to be a huge you know brand uplift for a company at this point of time you know Daniel Eckers Spotify is getting all the tech credibility like all the engineers in Stockholm wants to work with Spotify Clonus and boring invoicing company people are like what the hell is that like so we're like we need tech we need tech credibility right Sequoia is going to give us that so anyways what happens is little bit later on Sequoia decides to make the investment Chris flies to Stockholm and we had met Michael in a hotel breakfast here in London and then Chris comes and he makes this beautiful presentation right and the presentation is like these are the Apple guys in the garage these are the Google guys in the garage and these are the Clonus guys in the garage and you're going to be the next Google you know and we're sitting there like oh my god we're going to be Google you know like we're just like we're buying it all and then I feel after I was like this is not good like we have to do something cocky here we can't just like you know just swallow this and be like okay please can we work together so when Chris exits the room and it's just about to leave I say hey Chris just one thing if we are genuinely the next Google how come you're the only one from the Sequoia partnership that's here in Stockholm today and then Chris looks at me and says oh I'm so sorry the other guys couldn't make it you know whatever you have to remember they invested they took a 25 stake at a hundred million dollar valuation right they took 25% stake yeah at a hundred million dollar valuation that was the deal they eventually did that oh my god so Chris is like I'm so sorry we could I can make it and he goes into the elevator and literally 20 seconds later this is so impressive 20 second later my phone starts buzzing and it's Michael Moritz and Michael Moritz is like hey I'm so sorry I couldn't make the meeting and if we get to do this investment I'll join the board so thanks to me saying that and being a little bit cocky and not being so freaking Swedish we actually got Michael on the board and then since then I've worked with Mike and gotten to know him the thing people don't understand with Mike is that like Mike has this you know I always think that if for you to be really good for you to really understand the topic you need to be in every freaking detail you need to read up a lot and and he does but the point is it's almost like sometimes I feel like he can just take this huge mass of information and he can like without a second of thought he's just that is important and he just gets that at a level like other people interact with like he's just brilliant at that it's just amazing he can like he called me in 2019 in summer I don't know why he called me but he was like and this was when we were we had been in the US for a few years we weren't getting any traction the business wasn't doing and then Nick another Nick from Off the Pay in Australia was starting to get you know traction in in the US with Buy Now Pay Later and Michael just calls me out of the blue and just like Sebastian I think it's now or never if we don't do US now we're never gonna do it and it's just like I don't know how the hell he knew that but he was like so spot on it was exactly the thing and I just dropped everything and I was just like we have to win the US and then I just spent you know the next two years focusing 100% on that Do Sequoia move the needle for a company? In my opinion they do yeah I mean I think that I've been very impressed with all the people I work with there I think they're amazing and there's a new generation now with Sonja and Andrew and and the new guys coming so like it's really cool Pat and Alfred yeah I think they're amazing When you talk about the expansion of products you've said obviously about kind of Off the Pay and BNPL God I'm gonna get in trouble for this I'm pleased to hear about the movement away from just pure BNPL because is that not just evidence that for all the people that said landing is a shitty business to be and they were right Landing what does that mean? Well like BNPL is a shitty business Why would it be a shitty business? Oh like it's really hard to build like a 20-30 billion dollar business on BNPL Consumer Landing is a hard business to make Oh Consumer Landing Yeah You know when I get a start up picture of me Consumer Landing I'm like Sorry Look You're like wow he's honest Yeah I think the way I thought about this is like when we started calling on 20 years back we were just like okay look why are we not just making these banking products better working online because you gotta remember in 05 the banks internet offering were shit So you did in 2026 Yeah exactly So it's just like they're all shit so we were just like okay we're gonna take some of the stuff that the banks do and we're just gonna do it better online we did that and then that grew and we were successful I mean people don't know this but we were we raised $60,000 in our first angel investment $30,000 of that was spent and then we became profitable and we were running this as a profitable company from 05 to 19 we had almost 10 consecutive years of high growth and profitability that actually got us like this reward because we were like only one of two companies in Sweden that ever had such a long streak of high growth and profitability at the same point of time but what we realized also over time was suddenly I'm sitting one evening and I'm looking at my P&L and I'm like wow what is that line oh shit that's late fees that's a big revenue line and I was like that's not going to be long-term sustainable so at some point in time I started thinking wow you know what we're actually doing lending what does that mean what does it mean for consumers what does it mean for their financial life what's the implications of this and at that point of time I thought to myself okay there's two things I can do here right I can either sell this business and say oh shit we're making a little bit too much on interest and and late fees let's go and do something else or I can try to change this and well my co-founder's left it that one time right but I said no I'm going to stay and I'm going to make the change and I realized that the buy now pay later credit offering is a healthier one than your credit card like you on your credit card you put all your spending full month on that and then the bank tries to push you to revolve you build up a balance of a few thousand pounds or dollars and then you pay very high interest so I was like but I remember when I worked Burkking it used to be like press one for debit press two for credit when I would swipe my card and so like where did that go well banks didn't like it because the problem was if you were pushing debit now and then your bill at the end of the month was much smaller and you were less likely to revolve and borrow money and they would make less money so they removed the debit button and I was like no no no let's bring that back let's make sure clown offer is press one for debit 20 percent of our transactions are debit and then the rest is credit but the credit is interest free fixed installments no revolving revolving we've removed it cost us we gave up a hundred million dollars of revenue when we removed revolving because we used to do it in Nordics we took it away we even didn't have late fees in the UK for a period of time at all but it turned out that that wasn't great either because then people to some degree were overextended themselves so it's good to have a little bit of fee some kind of consequence of not paying on time we got that back but you have to be mindful of not making too much money on it so you just have to find the balance but over the years we iterated on a model that we feel like is a better alternative to credit cards if 10 years from now less people have credit cards and more people have debit cards and then used by now pay later occasionally I would argue it's a better society and that's what we've been pushing and the consumers now we see they are they love that they reward us for that they agree with that right and that doesn't mean you're still in credit so you're still going to have unfortunately occasionally people who overextend themselves you have to be mindful about that you have to how you help them when they're distressed and so forth it's a difficult business in that sense it's a bank right so you have to be mindful about these things but generally speaking the type of product we're offering is a better product than the traditional borough products of the banks you mentioned starting with Spotify and Clana in Stockholm together and obviously Stockholm's been the birthplace of great AI companies in the last year with Legora and Lovable to name a few I'm a young 18 year old Stockholm entrepreneur Seb you've got this incredible experience and you've been into the US and oh how wonderful do I have to be in the US if I want to build a big startup today? No Do you disagree? No but every US experience founder tells them yes you do Yeah I think I mean to some degree from a European perspective it's obviously partially sad to see that a lot of the successful AI and companies in the US where actually the founders are European I'm a bit sad All right it's a bit sad but that's just how it is I remember Truecaller our friends of mine also a fantastic company European I was at a Tomaker when they did that Yeah Nami and Zai and they were like told by the VCs the American VCs like you have to move your engineering center to Silicon Valley because otherwise everything's gonna go to shit and they did and it was a disaster and they had it for a year they tried to recruit but obviously nobody in Silicon Valley knew what Truecaller was and they were already a pretty grown company so they couldn't attract as a startup in that sense and they had a hard time recruiting and whatever and they're just like why are we doing this and then they shut it down they lost a year on that they lost a year on that lost so much traction and then some of these VCs were like oh you're not doing well so now we're not gonna put our partner on your board anymore we put some junior guy on your board because we don't care because you're not our top priority of companies anymore It's the most savage indictment isn't it when you get the associate drawing the board and you're like oh fuck Yeah I've been relegating it Exactly So first they're advising them to do this thing and then when they actually go and execute it and it turns out to be a disaster and they're like I'm sorry your company's not that good like I mean it's just terrible right it was terrible and I think that like So do you think the state of VCs is very good today? I think again it's changing so fast I think that the challenge right now is a lot of them are piling money into AI that they don't necessarily fully understand like how good is it how differentiating is it does it have a real moat Well what should I know then as one of these VCs piling money into AI Well I think what you should be doing is coding with cursor and building things yourself if you do that I think you do that if I remember correctly Yeah exactly But lovable Yeah well you only lovable or only have you tried cursor as well I've tried crocate Okay good yeah So the point is like I just think that like if I meet investors today that haven't actually downloaded and try to build something themselves I think they don't have the skillset to make an evaluation of the company they're looking at I think it's so critical to actually just understand how powerful these tools are today before you make those decisions If you have that insight if you understand that and then you make your decisions fine like there's going to be opportunities I think cursor will lose half its revenue in 2026 Is that your prediction Yeah Why is that Because core codes just eat in their lunch I don't see any engineering team that's still on cursor and that's it We love it actually We use it all the time Really Yeah Is that because you have an enterprise deployment and contract No I don't think so I don't know why like So I kind of switch between Claude I'm a big entropic fan I love Claude the chat version of it as well I use that all the time I just find that like it depends on kind of the tasks so I'm almost using them as like I would go into cursor I would write some things then I go to Claude code then I'll ask Claude code to do some other things I still feel they have like almost distinct personalities and skills and so I kind of enjoy still and I need an ID the problem is also like because I wasn't an engineer I never used like VS code or any of these tools I still need an ID today so like cursor is my standard ID right just like as a consequence of that So you could be right but I'm actually more optimistic about their future than that You can invest in entropic at 360 or open AI at 500 I'm giving the discount to make it easy Don't make me answer this question please I think they are going in very different directions I think that if you if at least my experience with open AI is that it's becoming a consumer company and if I'm building AI for like a billion people I'm building AI that I would focus on making sure that like for example there's going to be people that are going to seek AI as a friend as a friend in their day to day life as somebody more like from that movie what's the movie again there The Scarlet Handsome One Her, her exactly right So some people are going to more look for the her experience and I think if you know that's that chat GPT to me because if I'm so big I'm such a big consumer brand I'm going to start looking at my KPIs and I'm going to optimize for emotional connection for people wanting to like you know how much time are they spending with my product Is that really going to be a chat GPT there is that going to be a companion product and there's maybe 15 provided which is so specialized I don't know it could be but my point is like if I'm just looking at who their audience is today it's very likely that they will optimize for that relationship aspect of like being your counselor your provider your your play friend that you're playing with or playing games with or whatever right Claude to me is very different Claude is like my intelligent advisor and I'm trying to push and I say to entropic all the time like I don't want an AI that tell me you're so great man like I understand that that's like a nice experience and some people may enjoy that like I actually enjoy somebody just telling me how awesome I am every day personally I'm not that interested in that part what I'm interested in is rather somebody's telling me Sebastian that's freaking stupid like don't do that that makes zero sense like I want an AI to tell me you're wrong man like don't do that that makes no sense and I feel currently it's more likely that Claude provides me like less biased it's trying less to please me and I think if you're building a product open AI the risk is you becoming into the pleasing because I think a lot of people like that they and I would I mean I understand if I would use AI for entertainment then also I want to be like I want to be entertained I want to feel pleased I want to feel happy I want to feel you know it's a different product see what I mean it's just a different thing you're looking for and I have less interest in that I have more interest in somebody telling me you're totally off don't do that to would rather be anthropic yes for that perspective yes yeah 150 or 149 billion dollars I didn't look at the valuation I didn't listen to the number you said $149 was the revenue expectations by 2030 oh really yeah which was phenomenal yeah as well through flat no what have you changed your mind on since also being an investor no I have changed my mind on software right so I think that software is getting much more risky and it's much more unclear what the future of SAS is so we for example make made a bit flat made a big investment in Defensor which is like a military arms you know type of thing not arms but military defense yeah and that's very much like not you know there's some drones in there and the stuff like that but it's not it's very different it's not SAS right I think data centers is the one there's most under invested categories today when you look at inference needing to run for 24 hours a day for most of the knowledge worker population and it running for like 1% of knowledge worker populations today I'm like why the fuck is more money not going into data centers do you agree with that and do you think I have a very a funny you asked me about this I've actually played I play around sometimes when I have time I play around with Suno have you played around with Suno dude I love Suno I actually I actually sent Nick at Revolute yeah a song to get him to come on the show most recently and it helped get him on the show yeah that's awesome it helped get him on yeah I love Suno so what I've done with Suno is like I was I was playing around and I've been doing some songs I even published it on Spotify for the fun of it so you can go to Klan Asap I have like 74 monthly listeners and my kids get so annoyed when I publish songs in my name it's really funny but two of those songs are called compression and this came from a conversation I had with Claude so I blame all the lyrics on Claude don't blame them on me I was only the producer Claude wrote the lyrics then I had to give Claude some artistic you know artistic freedom I'm very interested in this like I got this question I was on a conference in Yellowstone and I was on the stage crazy enough with Sam Altman and Eric Schmidt and from the audience comes this question how is it possible that you can take the whole of Chatchapiti 5 as an example one of these models once they've been trained once the training is over and the whole thing is like done and fit it on a USB stick how is that possible that it's not bigger in size it's just like a few hundred gigabytes or whatever the size of the models are and then they gave like different answers and I had an answer in my head but I felt embarrassed in that in that setting to say and I think what people underestimate with AI it's a compression technology so what it means is if you historically put data in a database you say a database record okay Claude has a customer called Sephora and then we write again Claude has a customer in Sephora you created this tremendous amount of duplication if you look at any large enterprise company they will have the same information over and over and over again but if you look at Wikipedia how many articles is there about Klana for one why aren't there 15 what do they do so magically how can it be that Klana historically had a customer relationship with Sephora and we had information about that customer relationship in Slack in Salesforce in Google Docs in Google Slide kind of the same information over and over again but of Wikipedia is just one article how do they do that and I realized when you train the model if I tell that like Harry is not only running a fantastic polycos but also runs a VC that like if you tell it once when you train it it will forget it it will ignore that information but if you tell it enough number of times it will remember it and then when you go and ask it it will know that information but it's not storing it twice because if it's getting the same information that it already knows it doesn't move the tokens so it's automatically compressing all the information this is why you can take the whole freaking internet all human knowledge and compress it down to a few hundred gigabytes that's a huge amount of information now obviously you lose precision this is why it's very worthless to go and ask what is the opening hour of the Starbucks down on the corner and like the AI would be like I have no clue the equivalent of chat GPT-5 I asked this AI so AI is responsible if I'm wrong but the chat GPT-5 as an example the equivalent of the number of gigabytes that that model is is the equivalent of about two, three days of weather data from the whole globe that's it so how can it then be so capable of answering all these questions because unfortunately despite what we humans would like to say the amount of true novel information and knowledge in human society is quite limited what we see is repetitions and variations on the same themes over and over and over again so the point being to answer your question when we realize this we also realized we're compressing knowledge at an that's why people are playing around doing these like oh look at my iMac mini I was running my own model on it it actually works like I can run this on a Raspberry you know like the thing is like Romeo and Juliet that story exists in a hundred different variations and unfortunately thing is when you compress it down with math it knows AI sees that not as Romeo and Juliet and then another love story another love story it sees a love story and then knows it has slightly different names in different variations so it's a massive compression and now comes the question do we need all of that compute in the future and I am you know I happen to have this amazing conversation with Michael Jay Burry about this the other week Wow because I was talking about this because he's doing those bets that it's not right and I said look I think there's two arguments for and against one is if you look at enterprise enterprise what does enterprise want enterprise wants highest quality at lowest cost why would I recompute my information about Sephora over and over again if somebody could help me to compress that down to just one single source of truth and not having all that information unnecessary I'll take it I'll save a lot of money I don't need that all the compute why do I want to do that so in enterprise you're going to see a dramatic squeeze and compression the counter argument to this is you and I then go out and say hey we've had this amazing podcast now let's watch a movie together we want to watch Star Wars but with our faces so you'll be Darth Vader and I'll be Luke right now that needs generation that needs to come you know a data center to generate that for us so the question is just like what power will be greater the compression of enterprise data or the generation of new stuff for entertainment and other things and I don't know the answer to that question I think you can argue both ways but in enterprise data there's going to be a massive compression that's going to come naturally through this technology and that's why I'm a little bit like I'm and I don't want to be the guy who said there's only going to be four computers in the world like I don't want to be that guy so I want to be a little bit mindful here Clip, stay forever yeah exactly don't do this to yourself he said there was only going to be in 2040 they're going to play this clever he was so stupid no but like but I'm just saying that like it will so I don't know which power is going to be greater right like which one if you run with that enterprise compression what does that mean for data centers and for chip companies like Nvidia well that would mean that you would need significantly less that's the consequence the problem is why do we have so much big software why do we have so much data it's all a mess because we had humans who were trying to do their best but the right hand didn't know what the left hand were doing and they were overriding that and the code over there didn't there and then people start doing transformations and stuff and it all becomes a big mess and actually Wikipedia is the most successful knowledge graph in the world I would argue but if you look at the standards that they apply how do they do that like one very I'll give you a very simple like I love this principle so if you go to Wikipedia and you try to create a new article about a new topic it's very hard like if you go to Google Docs you just click new boom you start writing a new document if you go to cursor you start new new code base Wikipedia where's the new button there is none you know how to find a new button no you have to search for an article and if you search for something that doesn't exist then you're allowed to create new see what I mean and that's so different and companies doesn't work like that in companies like hey I have an idea I think Claude should be doing this and like okay let's just start coding like but let's go and check maybe we already have code doing this maybe we already do that so the point is that like the reason that compression hasn't happened historically is just because so many people have been involved with different experience knowledge and so forth and it just creates this massive mess and nobody has been as like disciplined as Wikipedia's has been to like keep it to one source of truth and so forth they've really been amazing at that you can read up a lot about how they've been doing but AI is going to help with that AI is going to help organizations and say hey should we really be doing this thing because we already have code for this and so forth it's not there yet but that's going to happen not because AI gets smarter because it's economically sound in a business it's not economically sound to duplicate it's economically sound to reuse what you already have that's the reason it's going to happen it's not because like it makes sense economically to not do what you've already done again were there any other takeaways from your conversation with Michael Barry he's a phenomenal thinker yeah yeah no we enjoy I mean I think in this regard I think we were aligned right like but it was funny because we were talking about this how much novelty is there really right and it's an interesting concept because as I said to him also there's other data that suggest otherwise I've heard data that suggest that 30% of the searches on Google every day are new like I don't know if that's true it sounds crazy to me but there are some data to suggest so maybe there is more novelty and I think that's like I don't know the answer to these questions but I think this is like very very fascinating to me to like see the counter effects of these before we go into a quick front it's being not knowing the answers to questions I'm sure you're in CEO groups go to CEO events sit in green rooms and there are topics or themes that CEOs discuss about AI that they do not discuss publicly what do you think they most are first of all I don't go to that many of those to be honest because I'm hard coding and working with my teams and trying to make sure that Klan is as successful as possible through this transformation I spend very little time on those kind of you know things does this generation make every CEO even public company CEOs a builder again I think it has to be yeah doesn't it well again I was with Mike last night from Atlassian he said I'm up at 5am coding I'm like was that the same before he's like no well I think so but it's also amazing right I mean I think for somebody like myself who didn't use the code or couldn't code I think it's fantastic to be able to take my ideas and thoughts and turn them into something I can show others it doesn't mean to have to be production ready but I can articulate things at a very different level of quality than just like trying to explain something on a white board or you know whatever now I can actually bring things to people I had this very very unique experience with Claude just last week where I was we were trying to talk about to kind of communicate a very specific thing that was like touching on accounting and finances and predictions and stuff like it was pretty like very very complex thing and we were just talking about it this was like the first time I went to I went to Claude and I said hey can we like interact a few times I want to like see if we can like explain this concept and after a few iterations I got this like beautiful animation wasn't even a slide because it was an HTML file I thought to myself wow you know what this is actually the first time I felt that AI could do something that humans couldn't and it was the first time I had that experience and the reason was because if I would have like to do the same animation and beautiful pedagogical explanation of a very complex technical accounting finance thing historically I would have brought in an animator a designer an accountant a finance google sheet guy etc and each one of them may have been extremely skilled at what they do but didn't necessarily know what the other person needed in order to perfect that outcome and so the animator would have been like yeah I can animate like this and that but they don't really understand what they're animating right the financial concept the financial guy may be like I can do the numbers like this and that but I don't really understand why we would need this like animation because I read the numbers and I get everything I don't need this freaking visualization right so the point is but here Claude Claude had all the skills in one and then created this and I was like I could not a human would not have done that like it and it was just like such a experience to me I was like at the special moment when AI exceeds human capabilities and I think in this in this experience to me it did like it did something that I I don't think a single it's not like a single person could have done each part of the different parts but what was like how many people are going to find in the world that are great animators great visualization people super pedagogical knows everything about financial accounting understand financial services like you know who you're going to find that rare band diagram yeah I mean like it's going to be hard to find the person that's good at all of these things in one right final one for a quick find what happens to Elon with croc I would never dare to bet against Elon would you ever do no but the trouble is I would never dare to bet against is when you have two people you would never dare to bet against in the same market and most people would never dare to bet against Sam and so if you'd never dare to bet against Sam but you'd also never dare to bet against Elon one of your prior assumptions has to be wrong yeah I think he's going to do really well I mean I think it's if you think about the fact that he could in a few weeks in a few weeks put together a frontier model at that quality level you got to give the credit to the guy like I mean that's just like it's it's insane do you use it I actually you know what I love about it is and this is funny because this is exactly what Elon has been saying all the time and nobody wants to give him credit for this but the point is Onyx people spread all these rumors like we were saying like yesterday it was a rumor that like Klana like company offers buy now pay later for rent yeah yeah you're doing rent yeah we're doing rent and we're like no we're not doing rent and nobody cares right but one thing that makes you too late yeah it's too late and people are just like it was Klana like next now that disappointed you don't do rent exactly and then the next tweet is Klana those rent and then we're trying to like our comms teams jumping on and trying to like but like if it was established media they would fix that but like these X post and tick tock post like nobody just it just goes for an answer right but then people write at grok is this true and grok actually almost always answers correctly and I think that to me is very very impressive I think it speaks to Elon's vision of X that over time it can become the trusted source of information and what he's done with grokopedia where he's taken inspiration from Wikipedia what I said and so forth so I think that like there's something there and that's going to be critical for our societies because right now we have this scam ink the scams flowing over like AI is creating you know virtual versions of everything so I think that that's to me whether I wholly you know where there's something really really exciting I agree do you know I just wish you could hide that at grok yeah because I'm too embarrassed to ask like what is an IDE so you can have a personal like you just explain yeah I'm just like quietly I don't want anyone to see this dude I want to do a quick fire with you so what if you changed your mind almost in the last 12 months I've changed my mind most about the pace at which the transformation is happening I was probably in the camp of I thought it was going to happen faster than it did but I think I've I'm always my problem is that like I overestimate it takes time for people to change habits and and ways of working and stuff like that so I actually think it's going to take a little bit longer the adoption it's not necessarily the capabilities of the technology but like how fast people will adopt it and how it will change do you think that differs for enterprise versus consumer I'm actually the opposite I'm like surprised by how quickly consumers adopted it when you look at the wow numbers for chat yeah but consumers always going to be faster right way faster yeah way faster I think we underestimate how fast consumers adopt and overestimate how fast enterprise adopted yeah I think in in kind of work life it's definitely going to be slower what criticism about you stings because it's partly true no I think the criticism that stings is the one that isn't true which is well I think people sometimes said that like oh he's just trying to make an exit he just trying to make a big fast buck or that like I I just want to and after 20 years I feel like hello you know haven't I proven now I'm in it for the long term I think the other one is that like he just he doesn't care about the consumer he just wants to make money on interest rates etc etc you know reckless lending and all that stuff none of that is true I deeply care about our customers I deeply care about them being financially well off and I think I'm providing a product that is better than the alternative so like that's that's the one I that stings because it's just it's not true I've never I don't understand how you ever level that criticism against you like but battling public company CEO ship every day I mean it's like the opposite of like quick buck man anyway what would you do first if you were not a public company and had no scrutiny on you like if I said here's an invisibility cloak you can do anything spend any money on the internally what would you do no I think the only thing I would do different is spend less time on communicating and talking to investors right that's it I mean to be honest but when I look at the strategy and what I'm trying to do with the company I honestly feel like as I said that 2015 vision let's be that digital financial service assistant that's the one I'm executing on we're executing on it the company's executing on it I feel we're having tremendous momentum on it we see the you know the affection of our customers picking up our banking products is amazing do you think you've told a good story around that no I think communication is hard I think because I respectfully I didn't I didn't know this I feel terrible but you and I talked about it even before this podcast started that I think my problem is right is that like and this is definitely what Michael gives me as feedback like I need to stick more on message I need to I failed probably at this podcast again and I tried to talk about all kind of things I'm just like I love my work I love what we're doing I think so many things are so interesting and complex and then I sometimes want to tell people everything I want to explain everything to them I should be better at like sticking to a clear message consistent no totally bad advice have you think so people buy you yeah not what you sell yeah okay we don't release 30% of shows because CEOs come on and they just sell let me tell you why our banking products about it it sucks people buy you not what you sell I hope so I hope that over the years that will pay off but I also see like what's funny is like when we were the most highest valued fintech in Europe blah blah blah then like I could do no wrong whatever I said was like that's brilliant he's so smart and then when we like you know when we came down to 6.5 and we had to do layups there was like everything he does is a disaster was that a brutal time fee of course of course it was it was terrible how do you deal with that to me it's also like one I story I had this crazy thing which is I've been doing this for many years now so I'm a little bit more like you know thick skin but what happened is I'm on this interview with MSNBC and I've been with an interview with them many times and generally speaking like you know questions have been I would say balance and fair but suddenly on this interview they bring this new guy on board and this was exactly when this was happening and I'm sitting in my home because I was doing this interview for my house and the guy comes in and he's like this is a disaster the company is going to shit I basically didn't say that word but like basically all you know this is the end of Klana is all going down and it's like and he's just like putting this massive pressure on me and I'm just sitting there and I'm almost starting to crack up and laugh because it was just like so insane and it's like come on the business is doing really well like obviously we need to do some changes but like it's going to be fine and I'm trying to kind of deal with it as professionally as I can I was like no I don't think like less I don't know blah blah blah as you try to do with those situations but the point is I go out of that and I was like oh my god that was intense so I get in my car I drive to to the office and I was like there's only one song that I can listen to now and obviously I put on Queen under pressure I put it on max volume and I'm just sitting there under pressure and I crack up and the thing is I said to myself look one of the biggest items of mine obviously Slata Librovic born in Sweden the same day I am third of October 81 and I think of him and I say I wanted to play Champions League how the hell does it feel to go into the finals and play Champions League he actually never won the finals unfortunately for him but the point is like every soccer player dreams about being in the Champions League finals right or a football player the pressure can you imagine the pressure when you're going into that stadium everyone's screaming the height of your career this is the chance you got at winning this thing that's what I signed up for I signed up for being on that interview with MSNC this is what I signed up for it is stressful it was hard as hell but this is what I wanted I wanted to play in this level of league so I also have to cherish and be happy about the fact look at it and be with gratitude that I get the fantastic opportunity in life to experience these things it's amazing I'm going through this amazing experience and that's the only way to look at it so as much as it half and I can cry and I cried and I can be sad and you know I've had really tough times where I feel like super depressed about stuff but at the same point of time I'm always always looking at it putting on the pressure and being like but this is what I signed up for yeah I love that too did you ever interview him do you know what you know you should bring him here no we should do and there's a brilliant video where he's like when I stop on the pitch I think I am God yeah I don't think I'm God though but yeah did you always think you would succeed though no but it's exactly same there's funny there's this email that I found that I wrote only six months into the company and it's to my co-founders and it basically goes like this this is like six months into the company we just started we're getting our first customers and basically the email goes like this I'm sitting here it's late evening it's written like 11 30 p.m. you know something like that yeah and it goes like I'm sitting here myself and I started thinking like you know what what if like we're actually successful with this thing what if we start like growing maybe from Sweden to Finland and Norway and then we go to Germany what if we actually grow this globally what if we actually go and then we go after the banks we start building financial services and so I basically in that email I write everything that's happened the last 20 years so the point is that obviously did I know that was going to happen no but just like Slathan when he was kicking a ball down in Malmö on the street did he dream about being in the finals of course he did and of course I did as well I dreamt about being where I am now and even more so where I want to take the company in the next decades right you dreamt about being here with me of course this was a very vivid dream but like I think vision is a bullshit all VCs are like hey what's your vision for a pre-seed company dude if I told you that when you were starting your business you know 20 years ago you would not have been like we're going to be a fully fledged banking provider we're going to have BNPL as the insertion point we're going to own the US as well you would not have been like that you unlock the next chapter with every achievement in my mind and so I think vision is the most actually constraining thing that we force founders to try and articulate am I wrong well I think you're wrong with me I mean and again I'm not telling you that I know how we were going to do it I had no clue but I was dead dedicated to doing it and I did see or when I was I don't know why when I was a kid I was an immigrant kid my parents quarreled a lot they divorced when I was 8 my dad started drinking quite a chaotic upbringing and in that my childish interpretation of what was happening in the family was that they were always fighting about money if I fix money then everything will end happily ever after that was my childish interpretation and so I got for whatever reason also very interested in like Richard Branson and I read his book and I now met him which was a fantastic experience for me but like I read him and I was just like wow you know this guy built virginity the records this and that and then the other guy that really inspired me was Ingvar Kampra the founder of IKEA you know who built this he was at for a period of time was seen as the most wealthiest man in the world right and so like I just for whatever reason I was always like so enthusiastic about building businesses I remember we had this like school night in middle grade where like the cafeteria was always the place that did the most money and then there was like tons of other businesses but they all failed nobody was really making a lot of money but the point was to raise money to go to like on a class trip or whatever and I started a pizzeria you know I started selling pizzas and we out competed the cafeteria and we took all the money and my class could go on my school trip because we made all the money that the cafeteria was making I've always wanted to like drive a business I've always I've always had this and then eventually I said to myself the coolest business to build must be a bank like that must be the ultimate business because banks like banks always wins banks always prevail like banks you know they you see these things you see like the JP Morgan's of the world and you know all this and they like they go through this yeah of course like sometimes they get financial crisis and whatever but like in the longer term the bankers always wins you know so that was always an inspiration to me can I ask a hard question I've invested in 13 unicorns well done me VCs congratulating themselves and the single most common feature is a broken relationship with their father did that drive you in a way that you wouldn't have had otherwise if you don't mind me asking no I think for sure I think it's a combination of that and being an immigrant kid I think that the seeing all these other Swedish kids going to their summer holiday houses and having you know a surplus that to me looked great and then us eating pancakes seven days in a row because it was the cheapest food that mom could put together because we were out of money even though I love pancakes I thought they were really delicious I think it created this like I felt my parents were smart my dad deserved something better is the wrong word but like he started driving a cab you know and he was very smart very intellectual that was not the right job for him you know he was saddened when he saw drunk people and he was driving them and seeing what people were saying and I think he was just not his place to be in life and just it broke him down and I felt that like if I was going to fix things if I was going to get money and I was going to fix this now the problem was once I got money it turns out that life isn't like that because I gave a lot of money to my father and he used it to drink more and he drank himself to death so like it turned out that money was not going to solve those problems there are some problems that money won't solve right and again I'm not talk I don't want to have that discussion but like you know does money make you happier and all blah blah blah because obviously when you've been as fortunate as I have in life and I can take my kids on an amazing vacation I can do things and I don't have to think every day about you know can I afford this and can I do this that's in a tremendous luxury and privilege in life to be in that position but at the same time I've also experienced that like it doesn't solve all problems like and it's sad because that was partially my aspiration with doing this right Final one I like to finish on like theme of positivity what are you most excited for in the next 10 years like my mother's got MS I'm very excited for developments with diseases and treatments for diseases like MS what are you most excited for I think with AI obviously the thing is that if you 5-10 years ago could say that like well I kind of think I know what's going to happen in the future like it's going to kind of continue like this or whatever and then suddenly came COVID and the war in Russia and you know doesn't think it's like the world just changed and suddenly came AI and you suddenly sit there and like I have no idea how the world is going to be in two years like I'm not like but for myself what I'm most excited about is like A I'm still an optimist at heart I do believe that these technologies will make life better for humans I think it will actually lead to something positive I'm in that camp you know you can have an intellectual debate with me if you want to but like I think that's true and then what I'm most excited about for me is I want to realize the vision of Klanar like against what you said about not having visions like I want to put that vision into reality I want to bring finally a banking product that truly helps people save time save money being controlled by finances that excites me it excites the hell out of me and I think that like all these incumbents have been having all these excess profits they've made so much money because people don't switch because and honestly because they didn't care enough about their customers they didn't wake up like that restaurant the retailer every day and said what can I do to make my customer better off they didn't do that I'm honestly excited about that that that journey is exciting to me and I know that if I make more money I'm not going to be happier because I have a bigger pile of money it's not the point but the journey of trying to accomplish to make Klanar into that global retail bank and the adventure it encompasses that excites me going through all these different challenges and opportunities and trying to make the best that I can of delivering on that that that that thing really excites me and now AI is enabling me to do things that I couldn't do with this company before I can realize those visions faster and at a higher quality than was ever possible before and that's super exciting dude I've so enjoyed this it's do you see it's so much nicer to do in person yeah thank you so much for being so brilliant and being so open but it's been such a joy thank you it's been a joy to be here but before we leave you today as an investor I'm always on the lookout for tools that really transform how I work tools that don't just save time but fundamentally change how I uncover insights that's exactly what AlphaSense does with the acquisition of Tegas AlphaSense is now the ultimate research platform built for professionals who need insights they can trust fast I've used Tegas before for company deep dives right here on the podcast it's been an incredible resource for expert insights but now with AlphaSense leading the way it combines those insights with premium content top broker research and cutting edge generative AI the result a platform that works like a supercharged junior analyst delivering trusted insights and analysis on demand AlphaSense has completely reimagined fundamental research helping you uncover opportunities from perspectives you didn't even know how they existed it's faster it's smarter and it's built to give you the edge in every decision you make to any VC listeners don't miss your chance to try AlphaSense for free visit alphaSense.com forward slash two zero to unlock your trial that's alphaSense.com forward slash two zero while AlphaSense helps you find the signals that move markets AIRWALLX helps you move money globally just as fast founders let's get real about the growth tax you've raised VC funding and you're scaling globally and it's no longer about shipping product it's about orchestrating operations across continents but suddenly your payments and finance stack is choking your growth you're logging into lots of different banking portals waiting days for transfers and reporting across entities it's operational drag and it's at your scale it's costing millions that's why I'm so excited to partner with AIRWALLX AIRWALLX are more than just a banking alternative to HSBC or Citi AIRWALLX brings you an intelligent financial operating system that powers how global businesses operate and grow allowing you to manage and automate banking treasury, payments and spend the most exciting part for me they're heavily investing in agentic finance if you're scaling globally you need a banking and finance platform that's borderless real-time and intelligent check out AIRWALLX today and see how they're helping thousands of businesses like Canva, McLaren and Deal scale at AIRWALLX.com forward slash 20 VC terms and conditions apply your monies are safeguarded not FSCS protected see AIRWALLX.com for more details while AIRWALLX makes global payments feel seamless Vanta makes the security and compliance behind them seamless too security and compliance done wrong is a giant headache security and compliance done right though well that's Vanta Vanta helps you earn trust and speed up growth no spreadsheets required for startups low on time and resources Vanta becomes your first security hire using AI and automation to get you compliant fast and unblocked really big deals and if you're big enterprises Vanta is your AI powered hub for compliance and risk bringing together data from across your business and automating workflows so you can prove trust at any moment Vanta scales with you at every stage that's why top companies from startups like cursor to enterprises like Snowflake choose Vanta do security and compliance right my listeners can get $1,000 off Vanta by going to Vanta.com forward slash 20 VC that's Vanta.com forward slash 20 VC for $1,000 off Vanta

</details>
