---
title: "20VC Brex Acquired for $5.15BN  a16z Companies are 23 AI Revenues  Anthropic In c02606fb-c"
people_mentioned: ["Harry Stebbings", "Wario Driscoll", "Jason Lemkin"]
channel: "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"
video_id: "c02606fb-c829-4635-9b8c-08db618e7076"
url: "https://open.spotify.com/episode/c02606fb-c829-4635-9b8c-08db618e7076"
publish_date: 2026-01-29
duration: "1:15:55"
word_count: 15967
content_type: "solo-talk"
delivery_mode: "technique"
broad_category: "ai"
subcategories: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics"]
series_name: ""
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Harry Stebbings"
host_names: []
interviewer_names: []
interviewee_profiles: []
speaker_profiles: ["Harry Stebbings - Anthropic"]
organizations_mentioned: ["Capital One", "Innovation Banking", "Once Deal", "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: ["Framer Pro"]
companies_mentioned: ["Anthropic", "Nvidia"]
topics: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics", "product-management", "anthropic"]
tags: []
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (15967 words)</summary>

The bad feelings last for a day and the five billion lasts forever. I worry this is the next final act. At some point, Nvidia ports will be a great buy because every semiconductor cycle for the last 40 years has ended up in a massive downswing. I ain't buying them today. Most of the time, we sit around here waiting, reading and thinking. And I thought, that's a real investor. SAS is not dead. And now SAS has an army. I love it. This is 20VC with me, Harry Stebbings, and it's my favorite show of the week. Wario Driscoll, Jason Lampkin, analyzing the biggest news in tech. This week, Anthropix inference costs skyrocket. Brax's five point one five billion dollar deal with Capital One analyzed and the 12 billion dollar priced open evidence round. Who wins and who loses in this tech market? All to come in today's episode. But before we dive into the show today, are you a founder working nonstop to raise your next round? Are you an investor doing all you can for your portfolio companies to help them stand out? Funding and scaling a vision is challenging. Banking should not be. HSBC Innovation Banking caters to tech and health care founders all over the world who need a really great banking partner that matches their pace, offering fast onboarding, product packages designed for your business and capital solutions built for high growth startups and the VCs investing in them. With HSBC Innovation Banking's rapid onboarding, you can get access to your new accounts and facilities quickly so your team can stay focused on building and scaling what's next. You'll be paired with your own dedicated team of venture ecosystem veterans who have the network and experience to guide companies in your specific sector at your specific stage. And behind that support is this real strength. HSBC's three trillion dollar balance sheet and global network that provides this stability in international reach needed to grow your operation with confidence to see how HSBC Innovation Banking can support you. Whether you're on day one or day a thousand, visit innovationbanking.hsbc to learn more and connect with an innovation banking specialist. That's innovationbanking.hsbc. While HSBC manages your corporate banking needs, Deal helps you build the global team behind it. Founders scale startups faster on Deal, grow without borders. Deal handles the hard parts of global hiring so you can stay focused on growth. Set up payroll for any country in minutes. Hire anyone anywhere and get visas handled fast. Deal takes care of onboarding, HR, IT, EOR, benefits and compliance. Everything your startup needs to scale quickly, all done fast in one place. And that's why 37,000 fast growing companies trust Deal to move really fast and get back to building. Visit deal.com slash 20VC. That's deal.com slash 20VC. Once Deal helps you hire your global team, Framer gets them wowed on the way in. A website should help your business grow, not slow it down. If updates to your dot com feel harder than they should, Framer is the shortcut you've been looking for. Framer is an enterprise grade, no code website builder that works like your team's favorite design tool. And it's used by companies like Perplexity, Miro, Mixpanel to move faster. Designers and marketers can fully own the site with real time collaboration, a robust CMS built for SEO and advanced analytics that include integrated A-B testing. So you're not just shipping pages, but you're maximizing what works. And when you're ready to ship, changes go live in seconds with one click. Publish without relying on engineering. Plus, Framer is built for scale with premium hosting, enterprise grade security and 99.99% uptime SLAs. Whether you want to launch a new site, test a few landing pages or migrate your full dot com, Framer has programs for startups, scale ups and large enterprises to make going from idea to live site fast. Learn how you can get more out of your dot com from a Framer specialist or get started building for free today at framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off, 30% off a Framer Pro annual plan. That's framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off. Framer.com slash 20 VC rules and restrictions may apply. You have now arrived at your destination. Boys, it has been a big week of news. Now, I was super, super happy when this news came out, because I got tagged on so many being like, can you do an emergency pod? And I was like, well, that is a great sign of product market fit for what we do. And so we're going to start on Brex's acquisition by Capital One, 5.15 billion, 50% cash, 50% shares, diving right into it. How did we analyze the announcement of this, which did come as quite a surprise to many of us? I thought it was a great outcome for the company. You know, obviously, everyone who's on this pod has probably heard all the thread. You have the first of all, you have the great outcome people. Then you have the people steering saying, oh, that's a disappointment from where they were. Then you have the counterparts saying, grow up kids, anyone who builds something from nothing to five billion dollars. It's a great outcome. Shut up. And which, by the way, I think is the right outcome. So let's assume everyone's already caught up on that. So we can kind of engage from there. Going back to the first thing, I think it was a great outcome. Yeah, you build something from nothing to a five billion dollar outcome before you're 30, heroic result. Absolutely be praised. I think it's a smart acquisition for you for cap one, too, by the way. And we can come back to that later. But that's kind of the first big picture comment here. And then on the second thing, and I really I think there's three different sets of comments. There's the is it a great outcome in the abstract? Of course it is. Second big picture question, is it a great outcome relative to the 12 billion dollar raise in 2021? And they're actually my co podcaster, Jason. I thought did an awesome piece on that. And we should talk about that next. You know, hubristic financings. And then, by the way, the last thing we'll circle back to is is it a great outcome relative to ramp and the competitive dynamics? So I'd like to throw it to Jason and say, I thought your post on hubristic financing and the pros and cons of raising a 12 and selling at five was actually really good. So over to you to get your thoughts. Look, I don't know everybody like Harry does, but someone that was a smaller investor in the company, I asked what what what what she thought. And the outcome was, well, given where we are in the world in 2026, it's a good outcome. And that qualified answer kind of was interesting. And so that was my thought. It's like some folks are taking pot shots on the X. That's that's the way it is. But why do we have these these weird feelings? Why are we not sure if this is a good exit at five point one billion in eight years? I mean, I would have loved to have led the seed round, right? Maybe it's not good enough for Harry, but Rory and I would have been happy to have led the round, right? So why do we do we have this feeling? And look, this is nothing new. I just this is the era I called it, you know, hubristic financing. You've got to keep doing these Harveys and Lagoras and want open evidence from one to 12 to keep up. And if you don't, you put yourself at a competitive disadvantage. But then you set yourself up for disappointment because these companies that are fundraising to the nth degree, the thinking machines today, the Brex's back then, they are promising, as Rory says, this point one percent growth ad infinitum, not just a couple of years of of sustained growth, Brex was basically promising it would own all of business finance at some point, and that was the bet at 12. And so it leaves us with a weird feeling when put the late stage investors aside on paper, all other stakeholders have a great outcome, even the liquidation preference. It's not like it ruined the deal, right? They raised like a billion something equity in debt. This wasn't one of the grouchy deals where seven billion went into the company. This was a great outcome for everyone on paper, except the late stage. But versus the promise, the commitment made to everybody, customers, late employees for four years. It's do you have to make these promises to win today? Do you have to make them to win today? When you take money at a high price, you run this risk of subsequently exiting at a lower price and having this weird, odd feeling for a day. But I think the wider level common is step away from the weird feeling. Going back to 2021, who's going to say investors are offering you money at 12? No, I'd prefer to take it at six. Thank you very much. I'm an idiot. No, you raised the money because you needed the capital. If they had, I mean, it's one through the logic here. If they haven't raised the money, they would have run out of money. That would be dumb. Once you need the money, you're going to raise it at a market price. So I thought what you said is, look, there's pros and cons to that. You get the buzz, you get the momentum, you get the employees, you get to compete in a world where other people are doing it, right? And in return, you pay this weird one day tax the day you exit, which is you've just had a heroic world changing, you know, life changing event. And then you just feel weird. But given what's on the field, there's no way to avoid that because you had to raise the money in 21, therefore you didn't market price at the time. The bad feelings last for a day. The five billion lasts forever, right? So you'll get over it. No, we're going to, we're actually, I'm going to get a capital one card in the mail as soon as this deal closes. We're going to forget about Brex in 24 months. We're going to even forget whether it was two X's or how to spell it. This is, this is our world. We'll forget, right? I will say just one thing on the topic. Look, great outcome for the founders, right? On many levels, great outcome for early employees. Not what they thought they'd make in 2021, but a great outcome for Ribbit. The one thing in addition to my post, I saw that not too long ago, but a while back, Ollie from Databricks said, which is one of the most successful companies at this strategy, Hubritics, he said, I never wanted to raise more than two years ahead of the valuation. I was confident I could hit the VC side is, Hey, listen, two years, one year ahead for a hot company, two years ahead for a great company, maybe thinking machines 28 years ahead. I don't know, but that's a thoughtful response. Like if you believe it, did Brex believe they'd be worth a hundred billion? Probably. I don't know. I don't know. But, but things were loopy in 2021 and maybe they're loopy in 2026. They probably did because look, it's the sin of extrapolation. The growth rate was probably two, 300%. You extrapolate. I mean, it's the age old truth. Most of these quote unquote insane valuations can be explained actually by the Ali comment, provided I keep the growth rate up for two years, then I will have grown into this valuation on a revenue multiple basis. It's a perfectly innocuous sentence, but buried in it is a whole debt trap because the minute 22 came on, the growth rate faded, right? Then your capital gets more scarce. So you have to try and converge on profitability. So growth rate goes down even more. And, you know, what was a totally legitimate belief in 2021, which is three more years of 300% growth and I'm worth 12 billion becomes utterly insane in 2024, it's just the cost of doing business in this crazy game that everyone plays. For example, for the late stage investors, if you played a game of paying up massively for hyper growth and it doesn't work, you get a one X, right? Now, as long as maybe 30, 40% of them are the one X and you don't do any major whoopsies where you actually get a loss and you get a three, four, five, six X on your good ends, then overall the math works. And even in a mediocre year, like 21, you end up with a sub two X, but still perfectly fine fun. In other words, I go back to my comment. It's just the nature of the business. It's one of my things that I've said a lot in this part. Things prove up in the end for what they really are, not what you delusionally think they are at one point in time. A financial services company was always going to trade at a financial services multiple adjusted for growth. And that's what happened here. So growth came down to still very impressive, but normalized levels. Cap one leaned in and said, you know, 700 million and grow plus or minus seven times revenues. That's a good deal for me done. How does this change the game for ramp? Ramp obviously raised at 32. Does this help or hurt them? I think this is a great question because remember I said, there's three things that there's the, there's the, is it standard on a great outcome? And then of course, is it a great outcome for the investors versus 2021? You're raising the third one, which to me is the interesting one. The CEO of ramp did a fairly classy post. It's like, Hey, congratulations. He had sold the company to cap one. It wasn't awful, right? The founder's fund guy did a dance on your grave post. Dude, I love Eric and I do. Yeah. I like it was a dig. I know some good long. It was a dig, but it wasn't the top, but perhaps as is so often the case in America today, I'm judging quality by the opposition. The founder's fund did a straight dance on your grave. If I'm ramp, you know, from an operator, I mean, the two things are true here, guys, from an operational perspective, this is further validation that quote unquote, I've won, I started later and I'm doing a billion. They started earlier. They're doing 700 million. Good news. You've won. But the bad news that you just can't ignore what a tweet is when real money decided not to buy 2% of this thing in a, in a secondary sale, but to actually write a check for the asset. They said we're going to multiply by seven, right? And if you multiply ramps, billion dollar run rate by seven, you get seven billion. Now they're growing faster than ramp, maybe double at 15. What it points to is, you know, we live in this crazy land of VC valuations where they're made once a year when only one person buys, no one can subsequently sell. They're very thin markets and you know, we hope they're roughly right. And sometimes we're surprised to the upside when they go public and then sometimes we're surprised to the downside. Hard comment here. If you're doing your mark to market on ramp right now, how do you factor in a recent transaction at seven times to your multiple of 30 times? I'm not saying it's dispositive because you're faster growing and you did, as you put it, win, but it does make you think maybe when you go public in two years and you want to monetize, let's say at that stage, a $2 billion revenue company, maybe you're still growing a little faster, maybe you get 10 times. I don't know. Or if I was the investor who just wrote the $32 billion check, I'd at least pause and go, hmm, let me check my assumptions one last time here, right? Maybe it can still work, but I've got to be a big company. You ain't going to get the M&A outcome anymore. You've just got to be the big company and trade in the public markets at a significantly higher multiple than the other financial services companies. The only way you can do it is if you keep the growth up, if you keep the growth up. So it's not like it's impossible, but it's just a significant data point that weighs the other way as you think about value. If I'm the Brex founders, right? If I'm Pedro, especially ramp, we talk about ramp, but we also look at Navon public and I have another comp going to Rory's point and I'd be like, let's say the three of us were the founders. I'd be like, Jesus, we have a comp. It's basically worth the same as us, basically the same revenue. Now it's got debt, it's got other issues, but I'm like, my God, guys, we could work for three more years to an IPO, suffer lots of dilution in the IPO stress, basically economically be the same place in three years. Now that's cool. If the three of us want to build something much bigger than this, right? But I don't even know if 10 billion is worth it. If we don't want to do it, if we don't want to build this as a generational company on our own for a decade, because the Navon comps a tough one. It sort of says to me, we're going to grind it out for two to three years and be worth the same. So we better want it. And all my public company CEOs, they're pretty grouchy today. I would say 80% of the public companies, B2B CEOs, now they may be thrilled when the next generation IPOs, but this isn't the happiest cast of characters, is it, the public company CEOs? They're not happy today. But it's a super good out. I think Cap1 has played a very shrewd hand here. Because remember, all of these businesses, Ramp, Divvy, which my former company, the company I was formerly involved with, Billboard, Brex, they all monetize on interchange and most interchange is Visa and MasterCard, which is, you know, third party network. You have Visa, the issuer bank and the accepting bank. Capital One bought DiscoverCard. DiscoverCard has a closed network where they get all the money in the interchange. So that's a really powerful asset for them now with, you know, now that they have Brex, they will probably be directing as much of that money flow onto their own rails, as the bankers call it, as they can. And what that means is they'll be able to extract a lot more of the value from it. So this could be an example where the asset has worked more to Cap1 than it was on a standalone basis. So I think it's a very shrewd acquisition for Cap1. In the last, forget in the last five or six months, they bought Discover less than six months ago. I think it closed just recently, like for 35 billion at announcement, 50 billion at close, and now they bought Brex, which they can fold on to Discover. So they're making a real push into this space, which is another thing you ought to think about as the independents. You're sitting there going, hmm, I'm going to be playing against the A team now with a structural cost advantage. You had three pieces of news today, investors in ramp. You clearly won and the other guy said, said you won. That's good news. Put that in the positive common. Second piece of information. People think a company going a little bit slower than you and roughly the same business has worked seven times and you think yours is worth 30x. Put that in the negative. And then last, a well-funded public company competitor is directly entering your space with a structural cost advantage. Now you can hit total on that and decide my impulse at the end of that is to tweet and say, well done. But deep in your soul, you kind of go, hmm, not sure that was the best day and out there for my stock. At least stay private longer. You're going to have to be a guy. At least live in the dream world of private. Let's, let's do it. Let's do another secondary boys, lads. Let's do another secondary lads. Moving on boys. Another very, very significant bit of news that we've all been waiting for for a long period is TikTok deal finally done. US investors won 80% of the company. Algorithm retains in control of Chinese owners, which is interesting. How did we analyze this deal getting done now and how do we think about it? You can't approach this deal economically. It's a political slash geopolitical decision to force TikTok to divest when you have that and then have a very directed purchase or program. So let's do the economics. First of all, it looks like a very attractive deal. I think the company is doing 15 or $16 billion in the US revenue. They bought it for like one to one times revenue plus or minus. That's a wildly cheap deal compared to anything else. Now there's a term that says some portion of the, of the OPEX is a license fee or some payment back to the Chinese parent, so you don't know the full economics, but my sense is that it's a wildly accretive deal for the lucky chosen investors in the new oligopolistic capitalism that we now practice. So fundamentally ignoring any other questions, I wish I had some of that in my 401k, the most addictive popular application in the United States social media marketplace at one times revenue, put me down for some. At first, when I saw this deal, I thought, and Rory can play historian here, it hearkened back to me to when Andreessen got off the ground doing Skype. And the reason it, it was a structurally weird deal where they got a good deal. Now they took risks. Skype was a aging platform, but they bought it from eBay, right? Is that eBay needed to divest it. They had enough of it. There was no synergy and Andreessen went all in. They didn't have that money, they went all in and 3X net their money in like 12 or 14 months. This felt like another moment in time where you could get a great deal. The only thing I don't get is why didn't those guys show up? Why isn't Andreessen in Sequoia and Lightspeed in this deal? And you have weird ones, Oracle, which is also as infrastructure. You have UAE sovereign wealth funds. Where are Sequoia and Andreessen? That's the only thing that made me pause and like, maybe it's not such a great deal because those guys are just in the business of minting money now. Why didn't they each at least throw in a billion or two into this deal? They put it into everything else. I don't know. Yes. Cause at one point they were in it and then they were not. There's a reason they're not in that deal. It's free money. Otherwise, right? We're missing something structurally challenging deals like Axe with Elon taking over, which they all engaged in. No, totally. And I, and I think I remember them doing the Skype deal very, that's a very shrewd deal. And I want to say that the PE firm brought them in because they had kind of venture expertise, which was, again, I don't quote, I think this PE firm was in fact Silver Lake again, but I'm going from memory there. But I remember, as you say, Andreessen came in on the deal. It was spun out from eBay. There were some issues around licenses and IP and it was a little bit risky. They cleaned it up for 12 to 24 months and then sold it to Microsoft and made three times the money on a ton of money in their first fund. So super shrewd that was. And if someone does the same thing here, it'll be interesting. Let's move on. And let's discuss Anthropic. Anthropic inference costs 23% higher than expected. Are there economies of scale in AI after all? And how did we read this? You know, look, there's a lot here, but I think this is so important for, for, for B2B companies. I was at a board meeting of a, of a B2B company with a powerful AI agent costing a hundred million and just seeing some of the dumb points in this board meeting of saying, Hey guys, in 2026, we've really got to drive down inference costs now. And I'm like, do you realize you have six mega funded competitors and a huge amount of your, like the only differentiation is who has the best agent. Now you're going to cut back your inference. It doesn't make sense. Right. And this is the point Amjad was making so many times. I'm sure Anton from lovable has made his own version, but Amjad's always been like, no, you're, it's going to, everything's going to get more expensive because as soon as we figured out how to do this stuff, we're going to burn even more tokens, we will actually burn an infinite amount of tokens if we can. It even happened to Anthropic, right? It happened to everybody. And I think for a lot of, a lot of folks, especially folks that aren't quite growing it at the open evidence levels today or ramp are thinking, God, I got to, what am I going to do with these inference costs? And I got to tell you the idea that you can use cheap models and cut back on your inference and still be competitive. That's the thing, still be competitive with the hot and recent funded company. Like no chance you can be competitive without that inference. Yes, but I do think it's important not to lose sight of the fight that for, even though, I mean, you asked the question, oh my God, the Anthropic inference costs were higher than expected. Is there any leverage with your rhetorical economies of scale, Harry? Right? The truth is, remember last year they had a negative 94% gross margin and this year they have a 40% plus or minus gross margin. Now it's not 50. So clearly the gross margins are improving substantially. So I think the real kind of in the middle, boring comment is there is significant leverage in inference costs and the P&L is getting a lot better. But it may not go all the way to the, you know, it may take longer. We thought we'd be at 50, now you're at 40. It may take two years to get to 70. Oh, you may never get there. You may asymptote out at 60. I think it's just the nature of the beast in Neo. You're dealing with this totally new business product, totally new market. You have a bipartisan where things kind of shake out, but it may take a while to get there. Fundamentally, however, I don't doubt the fact that a profitable and defined by that as free cash flow, operating income business will emerge from something like, I mean, a topic is not going to not have a profitable business model because this clearly is converging. It's just a question of, you know, what scale does it converge at and what operating model does it converge at? Is it a 10% operating margin business or a 30%? So it's getting better. It's getting there. It's getting a little more slowly than you might like, but it's still massive. I mean, from negative 94% margins last year to positive 40 this year. That's a big move. I can ask Jason specifically to you, you know, you said at the end of the year when we did the quiz show on Roundup, you said that 2026 would be the year where we would see inference running for 24 hours a day for a small portion of the knowledge economy. And I thought that was a really interesting takeaway. I actually tried to build it over the weekend. When you think about that, combined with these increased inference costs and being more than expected, how do you think about those two together? It's easy to say we're going to use three orders of magnitude more inference in 24 months. It's easy to say it's more than an order of magnitude by the end of the year, potentially, you know, the cost decline that we're also seeing, despite the anthropic thing, it's hard, the token consumption is increasing the deflation in the per token cost. So we've seen that improvement, I think, in anthropic Taurori's point. And I might be getting it wrong, but we haven't seen this break point where we're catching a break. Maybe the margins are getting better, but we're going to keep burning more. So I'm waiting for the moment, but you know, we've talked about memory, but chat GBT and Claude don't have that much memory. If you try it, don't remember much, does it? It remembers this little bit. So I built a version of Claude over the weekend called REN. You can try it at REN, W-R-E-N, chat.ai, it remembers everything. So it never forgets anything. And I learned a lot of things, but one of them is it's going to burn a lot of tokens. If you want to save every chat you've ever had, every discussion over all time and reference it for years. And what if that runs 24 seven? Maybe I'm rambling and not answer your question, but I don't see, I just see it accelerating. And again, my biggest concern for founders out there, especially for folks that are not quite in the top 0.01%, right? Especially folks and ops on their team or folks that aren't close to AI, that they're miss modeling this. You need to model in your inference costs are going up this year, not down. If you walked into your board meeting and said, Hey, good news, guys. Inference costs are, are going down 30% this year. Cause our, our IT team's really good at managing costs. I would throw my mouse at the monitor. You are right, but I have to zoom out comments on that. First of all, when you look at the problems you'd like to be wrestling with as a business, an individual business or an industry, the problem of, I have infinite demand for this digital good, which is still quite expensive to produce. So we're going to have to figure out how much to charge for it and how to ration it is a wonderful problem compared to no one wants to buy this digital good. I don't know what to do. So the big, you're right. The demand for inference, the demand for tokens can be once they almost, almost unlimited in some cases, because the more you can deliver, the more you can do. So metering that demand relative to the cost to produce is as it were, the business challenge and you're seeing that across the board. I mean, in Entropic, you're seeing all these, yeah, they're $200 plan, the $20 plan, and then they have those few people who are doing a thousand dollars of tokens on their $200 plan. And what do you do about that? So, but again, so that's what's happening out here, which is everyone's trying and that's if you're the model producers, if you're a SaaS vendor, like you and I are investing in an AI apps vendor and you know, an inference is one of your biggest costs now. It used to be five years ago, AWS would be one of your biggest costs. It would hit 10% and everyone would lose their shit in the board meeting and you'd say, let's get it down. And, you know, you'd manage the process and get it down to eight or nine with efficiencies. Now you're right. It's inference is the big cost. If you're a high priced app, maybe it's 10 or 15%. If you're a coding type app, maybe it's 50, 60, 70% of your revenue. And if you don't manage that correctly, you don't have a business. I do want to get your thoughts at a practical level. I worry there's this middle category. These are mature company, not hyper mature, 50, 100, 200 million ARR. Okay. B2B companies. And they finally got a decent agent built. Okay. It's taken them for a while. They have 10,000 happy customers and they're pushing this agent out. They got to break even last year because scale and 20 VC aren't going to put any more money in, even though they're supportive because the growth's not there. Right. They've got 30 million left in the bank. They're break even at 40, 50 million ARR. Now I'm competing with Decagon or Legora or whoever, and I need 20 more million of inference this year. It's game over because I can't compete because the way I've deployed it is great, but it's $2 per interaction, Rory. It's $2 and 50 cents per interaction. I need 50 million interactions this year. That means I need a hundred million. Now I bring it in 50. What do I do, Rory? I can be competitive. You told me to, you told me to get break even. I did that. Thank you guys. Then you told me I got to be more AI. Thank you guys. Now I built it. How am I going to fund the 50 million inference? Open evidence has the money. You have the irritating habit of asking exactly the right question. No, I totally, like I'm mentally thinking of some companies that have gone through that, you're exactly right. It's like, Hey, your SaaS cloud product isn't enough. Let's get profitable. Okay. You got profitable, but nobody cares. You need an AI product. Oh my God, you've delivered an AI product. Your customers love it. And now you're at the next shoe to drop is how are you going to finance this thing because you're up against people who can raise $200 million on a dream. And I acknowledge that and rather than telling you I have the answer, it's an issue I'm wrestling with, I can think of two boardrooms in the next two months, right, maybe one month as we do annual planning, right? How aggressive can you be in this market? Because if you play deep, I mean, if you try and meter it to your cash constraints, you're going to get left behind. So the gut level comes, and this is how capitalism is meant to work. The gut level test comes if your customers are getting value from your AI agent, that they can't get anywhere else and you can make that value clear. Then you can charge enough to pay for your tokens and yay you. If you're not giving value or if you're locked in a war with someone else who was infinite capital and is willing to give it away longer than you, then you're probably going to lose and you should figure out how to exit now. And to some extent, you had the mid-year kind of coding wars where, oh my gosh, Windsor looked to exit, there was a little bit of that dynamic going on. Is this war escalating with a level of token intensity that you just can't keep up at? And I acknowledge that at the app level, as I say, a couple of my companies are wrestling with those issues right now. Yeah, I'm just, I'm honestly worried. We talk about is SaaS dead or what's going on. I worry this is the next final act is that you did all the right things, right? Got it. I did everything you told me to do. You did it. You did, you're not growing 0%. Your customers don't hate you. You built an agent and the final nail in the coffin is we just can't afford the inference. We just can't build a competitive product. And even, you know, earlier on this podcast, in essence, even Canva, which will be one of the great IPOs, even Cliff teased at that, I could build gamma, but I can't, I can't burn the way gamma burns those tokens. Now maybe he'd say something different today, but it was the same point that echoed in my head that now we're seeing cross board rooms across B2B companies. I think it's the final nail. Is there a way out there? If you can't raise the money to compete, but you can't not spend. Well, we're already hit the way at the way out. There is a simple way out, which is you build an epically good agent, typically one, maybe that's, let's say your product's $5,000 a year, $10,000 a year. And you're able to charge $20,000 a month for your agent, $10,000 a month because it replaces 20 people. It's that good. It's not pretend that good. It's not that good on a sales pitch. It's literally so good that the ROI is measured in weeks, right? That's your way out. But the problem is a lot of B2B companies, they're just struggling to get parity. The bar is so high. And so it's exhausting because it was so much work just to get here, to get to profitability, to get to agent. Now you have to beat the agent that OpenEvidence, Legora, Harvey, whoever we're going to talk about, you have to have a better agent than them to earn the 20 grand a month. Your team better be the best. To take another example that probably applies to even a large public company like Salesforce, who, yes, has infinite money, but also doesn't want to dip in the red, or you make sure that the combination of, you have the advantage of the data that you possess to make it a better agent, to make it a more efficient agent, maybe you have to do less processing. Maybe another thing is, I've seen so many companies using the open source models for a lot of it. So you can leverage that and get cheaper processing. Yeah, you got to do all those things. But more than anything, I think, Jason, you're right. You've got to deliver value such that you can charge for it. But in the end, I mean, look, the dirty little secret is in the end, everyone's going to have to deliver value. They're going to have to be able to charge more than the amount of money it costs to make the thing. I mean, OpenAI may get to do that for longer than anyone else, but in the end, the wheels of capitalism do grind fine and we're all going to have to pony up and cash flow positive. Listen, I don't have everybody's numbers for sure. The other advantage that the new entrants have is that if you have the best agent and you have the kind of market demand we see, then for you, your inference costs are a marketing cost. The established players don't have that luxury. They're already spending massive amounts on traditional sales and marketing versus, you know, if I mean, Harry said Harvey and Legrand, if Harvey went to 200 million last year, open evidence, 100 million a year, often they have no sales and very little sales. Maybe Harvey does, but I can think of plenty of AI leaders that have four people in sales and I can think of some that just hired a marketer at 200 million in revenue. So inference is your marketing sales and marketing team in essence, right? Because you just throw all the money into making the agent great. Salesforce is one of the few that can do it with its resources. And even there, it's stressful. If you talk to folks at Salesforce today, they'll tell you this is the most stressful time they've ever worked at Salesforce in history of the company. One of the odds from this is just the demand for inference and just by extension, the demand for compute and what does this say about it, right? And I always think it's going to sound cool. I always discard, not discard, I always apply, you know, a certain discount factor to what, you know, people running the large AI model companies say about demand because they're talking their book and even the poor fools like Oracle who are investing to chase that demand and sell them compute services. I'm like, maybe you're getting fooled by these other guys, but I always think the guys who are in TSMC are sharp and they've been around a long time, you know, they're cynical, which I mean, you know, I'm sure you all saw that piece about 12 months ago, they were fairly skeptical when Altman's talking about we're going to need to raise a trillion dollars. They're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, go away AI boy, right? They just did their earnings call and the comment was basically demand for compute is effectively infinite right now and they're raising their CAPEX. And remember, these are not kind of, these are folks who say, I'm going to spend $50 billion, you know, peak before was 40, so low was 22 billion two years ago, they're raising their CAPEX budget for next year and they're basically saying, we think the demand is real right now and to me that's the, you know, because there's been a lot of, we've all been wrestling with it, is there going to be a day when everyone says, we're not going to invest as much anymore, we're going to slow down just a little because you're so far out there on the, going back to the Brexcommon in 21, we're so underwriting hyper growth that even the slightest slowdown would be kind of pretty brutal for the markets. And this was the biggest tell of all, because these are the guys who spend the CAPEX with a two or three year lead cycle that, you know, services Nvidia, that services the hyperscalers, that service open AI, that service the AI company, so it's the first step in the AI pyramid and the guys running that are saying, we're going to need a whole bunch more CAPEX and it was just interesting because I think keeping an eye on TSMC as the, the people who would own the problem if they over invest, you know, you can cut employees, you can turn off your GPU, but if you dig a big deep hole in the ground in Phoenix and a big deep hole in the ground in Japan and put a fab in there and no one uses it, you know, you're out 20 billion bucks and they're leaning in right now, so that inference demand is pretty clearly there, according to all the tells. For those that think about the AI bubble, does that not completely denigrate those risks of an AI bubble bursting when you look at them, when you look at the improvements, when you look at Dario coming out today saying, hey, when you look at the improvements, we'll be replacing everyone's job in under five years? Not every statement that says it's going to go on now has to be equally correct. A bunch of people who have the money, starting with the foundries, going to the chip companies and going to the hyperspace, have all said, we're going to spend this money this year. So I think it's highly unlikely that you, this is not going to be the year where people get terrified and say, I'm not going to do it. At some point, I think they will, because I think we probably are over investing at some level, but right now people are saying, I can see logic to this thing for the next 12, 24 months. Despite the massive gap between the, you know, the huge, the CapEx is now 600 billion, the apps revenue, you know, squinting is a hundred billion. So you're still, you know, 500 billion a year in the hole, but right now people are saying the return is there. That's all you can conclude right now. If you knew when it was going to happen to the day, you'd be trading in video puts and you wouldn't be talking to... I'm so sorry, I'm the least intelligent on this call, which is why I love doing it. When you look at the cost of inference, maintaining its high price, and when you look at Jason, I think quite rightly saying that inference will be running 24 7 for more and more of the knowledge worker population. Why is that not just continuing evidence that Nvidia has so much more room to run and is actually underpriced today? Because I mean, to take, for example, that statement, the, the cost of interest, the cost per token is goes down enormously quickly. And it's just that, that demand expands and just people use more and more tokens to get to the same dollar amount, right? Just to be precise. I think the only argument against what you're saying is some version of as the numbers get bigger and bigger, you start encountering, oh, GDP type limits. So your total U.S. CapEx is X and you're now 30% of the total CapEx. Can you, can we really stop building tractors, buildings and can we put all our money into great big data centers? And you know, some people articulate that vision of people who articulate in the trillion dollar data center. Well, maybe I'm not sure that happens, but I don't think I have to solve that problem. Now, all you have to say is, does it look like, I don't think you have to believe in a trillion dollar data center. Are the all human beings are going to be unemployed by AI to believe in the, at the margin for the next 12 months, it looks more likely than not that people will continue on roughly the same investment trajectory. Those are both statements that have the same conclusion for the next 12 months, but are very different in terms of their grandiosity. And I'm not making the grandiose statement. I'm just saying, let me make it really tangible. At some point, Nvidia ports will be a great buy because every semiconductor cycle for the last 40 years has ended up in a massive downswing. I ain't buying them today. That's when the rubber hits the road. When people are done talking and then they want to say they believe in, I don't have that conviction yet because people who have money and conviction are saying they're going to spend. Look, we all know that some version of the bubble will pop, even if it's well after SpaceX IPOs and we have a thousand data centers in space, which is Elon's dream. And there's so much interesting things coming 24 seven inference. It will pop someday. If we can't see it reasonably popping in the next 24 months, I don't know that as investors, as employees, as management team members, we can have dinner conversations, but I'm not sure there's much we should change. And I guess we all got caught around December, 2021, where 90% of tech thought this was going to last longer. And then bam, we got, it just bit us right into like the HashiCorp went public and then it just stopped for two years. This is different. And if, you know, there's just, there's no upside in, in, in betting. This is going to slow in the next 24 months. There's literally, at least for 99.9% of us, there's no upside. To ground it in practicalities. The only thing you can advise people is think about a scenario plan. Think about, would you have a plan if it were to change? Think about your funding strategy, especially if money is cheap to make sure going back to the Brexit thing, you're really glad you raised that money in 2021. Right. All you can do is play to the current scenario, but have a plan that if they, you know, if the world changes, you'll know how to change and that you've raised money to be able to survive that. That's all you can do. Playing the game on the field. We mentioned them a couple of times. Open evidence raises at $12 billion led by Thrive and DST. It's a 12X valuation step up to where they raised at a billion dollars from Secora at the start of the year. Revenue growth has been amazing. Pharmaceuticals ad spend in the US on media is 22 billion a year. If you think about the transition of that to their business model and assuming a reasonable take, you can see them being a four to $5 billion revenue business and that alone doesn't feel crazy. But then in other aspects, it does. How did you guys read this one? I think it's start. It's a great company. It's a perfect use case for AI. It's one of the use cases where the general models are good, but the combination of specific relationships with Journal of New England Medicine and all that, plus restricting access only to medical professions, plus HIPAA compliance means you've got this really nice product to allow doctors to do decision support, which is go and check online what's the recommended treatment for some obscure disease I haven't seen. And then the obvious thing you do with that is you sell them ads. And the obvious people to advertise to those doctors are the drug companies because they want to sell to the doctors. It's a perfect business and they've escalated to, I believe, 150 million in revenue. So I was actually impressed that you led with the market size. So the things that are clear here is they're the winner in the space. Doximity is the old pre-HNAI competitor, but in terms of thinking about doctor-media mindshare for doctor-like things, Doximity helps you a lot with thinking about salary, thinking about job, but I have a medical question to which I want a highly technical medical answer. They appear to have commanding market share. So you've won that business. So the only question is how big is the market? And you're right, you can say total drug companies spend on quote unquote drug advertising is 20 to 30 billion. But, Harry, a good half of that is TV ads to consumers. So for a lot of these drugs, especially the long-term conditions, the advertising is not going to the doctors. It's actually going to the individuals who are wrestling with the disease so they can build consumer preference. So that halves the market. And on top of that, if you look at pharma companies' spend on trying to reach medical professionals, actual direct-to-doctor advertising is two or three billion dollar marketplace, which is now getting a little bit smaller. And you then have a whole bunch of these, you know, infamous pharmaceutical reps. So a lot of this marketing is done in person. So, you know, you have the folks just calling on doctors, bringing doughnuts, saying, hey, here's a sample pack of my nice new arthritic drug. Give it to your consumers. So for open evidence to get to that valuation, what they have to do is one of two things, either A, they have to blow open some of that budget away from pharma reps calling on doctors and move more of that budget online, which by the way is a totally credible thing to do, but that's what they have to do, or they have to expand into other services to doctors. And just like, I think, Doximity, for example, Doximity, a product they added that was a really clever product is a scheduling app with a kind of phone number that doctors could use that wasn't their personal cell, because doctors want to give out their cell so people can reach it, but they don't want to give out their personal cell. So some nice little doctor product. So to get 3X from 12 billion, you probably have to do some significant time expansion. It's credible. They do it, but they got to do it. You got to be at $5 billion in revenue, don't you? On the 7, that's multiple. So 35, yeah, that's a bit sobering. Based on what I do know about open evidence, if the deal was priced right, anyone would want to do it. It's got the market share. It's very valued by physicians. They haven't figured out that the true TAM, but the notional TAM is about as big as it gets. Of course you'd want to do this deal at the right price. If you were a growth ambassador, would you do it at 12, Jason? This is the back to hubristic fundraising in the Brex round. Who at open evidence is going to do the Brex round at 12 billion at open evidence and 11 labs and Lagora and Harvey? When is that round? Is this that round? Or is it the round in March at 30? Because it's just a hubristic fundraising. Open evidence will probably do a round at 30 or 40 next year. I'm actually going to suggest that Thrive is very smart and they've probably done the math and this is the right insertion point for them and they believe in it. And someone else is going to do it at 30 to 40 next year as it goes to 400 next year or 500. Someone's going to do that. Who does the 12 billion dollar Brex round here where nothing, nothing but greatness, but gets caught with the tail end of hubristic fundraising. The first line really resonates with me. This is such an obviously good deal in such an obviously good market with a wildly quality founder who's had a win before he sold Kenshoo to S&P, big brain, PhD, you know, AI native for his first deal, which was a financial AI company. This impeccable background here, great connections. There's nothing not to like here. And so you're right. Let me give you a clue. You're not going to find a discount here, people. But you don't think this will be the 12 billion dollar priced round at Brex where the music stopped and it's that last time, right? It's always a tricky question because if you played back, remember, they had a round at three and I think a round at six. So this is the fourth time in and every one of those rounds you'd have said, hmm, maybe this is the one that's going too far. But when you step back, they 10x'd revenue this year and they 10x'd their valuation plus or minus. And the sort of revenue multiple is the same. That's the market we're in now. And at some point, someone's going to be left tied. It's, you're right, Jason. You're running the Brex risk, which is the tide goes out. It's still an amazing company, but maybe you're, you know, you're doomed to a 1x. And is this the round that happens? I might've said the six billion round was just given the core of time market size. What's so hard is in the moment, it never feels that hubristic. And like we just said, it's a no brainer deal. Great market, great market share, great founders. Likewise. I remember with Brex, I had Henrique and Pedro on the show back in 2020, 2021. And they were talking about Amex and the fragility and how they could build a hundred billion dollar business. And 12 billion did not seem that crazy. Hubris is like that. I mean, and even more of these late stage deals of great companies. They're very easy to talk yourself into when times are good. When times are tough, they're still hard to talk yourself into. But I mean, times are mixed today, but the good stuff is so good. It's so easy to walk into the partners meeting and advocate for open evidence, isn't it? It's just so easy. Yes, it's a little expensive at a 50,000 times revenue or whatever it is. But I mean, you can't argue that this is a, this is a generational company. And Mark Andreessen says we do generational companies at any price. We just buy as much as we can. They only go up overall. Not, not all of them, but they only go up overall. This is, this is a generational company. I know it was 12 billion last week, but I propose one billion at 35 billion guys this week. It's a generational company. You said Mark Andreessen proposed that they released a report this week, which I thought was astounding for a couple of different things, but most importantly, one, they put out $8 billion invested in 2025. This is Andreessen's report, by the way. So to give context, Andreessen did a report, incredible slides. I thought, actually, I thought them and Avenir did great reports this week. But in Andreessen's, they said about 8 billion invested in 2025. And the stat that blew me away, two thirds of private AI revenue is generated by Andreessen-backed companies. Open AI, Databricks, Cursor, Harvey, Replit, the list continues. I was astounded by that. I don't know if you have takeaways from it, but I thought it was interesting for the audience to hear. I thought it was an excellent report. And I thought there's a lot of substantive, good economic analysis up and down the report. I thought that slide was probably the least astounding one when you think about it for longer than clearly you did. Because it was a great soundbite. And those guys at Westmark, it's a great soundbite, right? But objectively speaking, if you kind of add up all the AI revenue, you're going to get $13 billion for OpenAI, $4 billion for Entropic, and everything else is in the noise, $200 million for Harvey, whoop-dee-doo, they're amazing companies, they're going to be great. And then actually, if you were to lump a third one in, it would be Databricks, which they have a massive market share in. So to a rounding error, another way of saying the same slide is OpenAI, we have money in OpenAI, and OpenAI is 40, 50% of total revenue. I'll tell you what I found interesting about it. This, and then Gary Tan, again, saying that venture should be 10 times bigger, smart guys, right? Is this really an asset class? Finally. You know, the classic take in venture is it's not really an asset class. It's a weird niche of PE. Yes, the top, Cortel, certainly the top decile perform, but the rest is a disaster. So it's not an asset class if the bottom 75% isn't even worth getting out of bed for. If Andreessen has proven this penetration and AUM is repeatable, right? Like clockwork and YC is doing it at the low end, is venture finally an asset class? If it is, that's Gary's point, put 10 times as much money in. We have access to the early stage funnels, right? Andreessen's saying we have two thirds of private AI revenue. There's an asterisk and a dagger to Rory's point, right? Because it's weighted on two names, but still the point is if it is an asset class, then you can deploy the maximum amount of practical capital into it efficiently. I could agree with your conclusion on it being at some level an asset class. I might even argue two asset classes. I'm not sure that I agree with your conclusion that therefore you deploy more. Well, Gary said that, not me. Got it. I know actually at the Gary level, I agree, right? To be clear, because now we're going to jump in a lot, but let's digress off on the Y Combinator, the slogan of Y Combinator from the day one is to make it easy, make it easier for startups to start. Right? I had some more elegant version of that, right? At the margin, there's no meaningful capital cost to giving someone 250 grand or 500 grand to have a go. The more people who start and try and do companies at the margin, it's a great thing for everyone, including the people involved. Worst case, you know, people talk about risk, but worst case is you do it for two years, you fold it up and you go back to your mag seven job. Back to college. That's exactly right. And you're golden and you're fine. So as far as Y Combinator is concerned and encouraging startups, the more the merrier, where I disagree with you is in terms of, I think venture is actually two asset classes, it's the traditional early stage venture that's existed for 20, 30 years and this new late and later stage venture asset class that used to be called small cap growth and is now, it is now privately held. So it's two asset classes. I don't think in either case they benefit from excess capital, because I do believe that, you know, Martin Biggs has said it before, there's no investing business so good that excess capital won't ruin it, right? And I do think that excess capital will make this business harder and to some extent it erode the returns. And you're seeing that 2020. I mean, it's funny. They said that, you know, 2021 was a very active year. I think 2,500 weeks was the most active year since 2021. We had a reasonably active year in 21, not nearly as different. We do roughly the same number of deals every year. In retrospect, I wish I'd just gone home, right? You know, if you didn't do it, because if you think everything in 2021 was either priced wrong and makes a 1X or early and just totally wrong and makes, you know, less than a 1X, let's just say, right? Other than a few companies that were the early precursors of AI, excess activity is, you know, not necessarily the best thing in an investing class. I saw the Druckenmiller quote and it's for public investing, but it's been sticking with me all week where he said something like, most of the time we sit around here waiting, reading and thinking. And I thought, that's a real investor. Right. Understands that, you know, activity is not everything. What is true for them is, is that what they figured out is that the bundled product of doing early stage really well would allow you to bundle three or four X more Donald's later stage, and the combination of the two could be effectively managed and would be disruptive up and down the chain. That's the a-ha from them. I did the math two weeks ago and I'm doing it again. I said, if they're 18% of the funding last year, advertise that over two years, there are 10% of the series A's. They got to be 10% of the good deals. They got to be 10% of the great deals. And they've structurally figured out a way to make that happen. And that's the victory lap from this. So that was probably one of the thing about them that struck me the most. And then the other stuff was all about, you know, some version of what Jason was saying, which is we're all still fine. The valuations are fine. It's expensive, but not 99 levels. And yeah, we'll see. Not to be a little glum, but what happens if Mark or Ben step down, especially Mark, for a variety of reasons, that another option is to wait them out. This is an eponymous firm and things happen. Even health scares happen. They do happen. A lot of people get tired. People you think people are all are all excited. And then Duskin Moskovitz quits the sauna out of the blue. Right. You don't know smiles. Everyone smiles. You just don't know. Ken and Dresden Horowitz. I know everyone's going to say there's, there's Martin and there's all these great people. But can it survive at this level? Going to Harry's point, at this elite level, a generational transition, right? Can it can it survive that or is it always going to end up being those three generations to the gutter? Yes, I would assert vigorously the answers. Can it survive? Of course it can. I mean, one of my favorite quotes, I think I've said it before, is, you know, the graveyards are full of those indispensable men. And, you know, let me just recite the names for you. Kleiner, Perkins, Caulfield and Byers. Yeah, Kleiner still exists. Mamoon's doing a nice job. He's not Kleiner. Our Perkins, our Caulfield, our Byers, firms that proactively manage succession planning can make it happen. I mean, they've gone to two or three generations. But this one is so like the world's changed, right? This one's so iconic. Yes, but in a weird kind of way. I'm actually going to push back. It's actually, and I think one of Dresden's big insights, it's harder to be someone like Benchmark, small and brilliant and manage generational transition, which is why it's awesome that they do it. Because the asset is the brains of four or five individual people. The beauty of what Dresden are clearly trying to do and why I think they'll be able to manage it is they're basically trying to transcend the individual by just being an institution. Their fundamental bet has been that venture capital is going to go the same way as investment banking. It used to be dominated by individuals and small partnerships. And now it's dominated by Mr. Goldman, Mr. Sachs and used to be Mr. Solomon Brothers, right? And they all went public and they're all just a very different business. That's the bet they're making. So cynical comment. If anyone has a rational economic incentive to manage generational transition, it's that firm because Mr. Kravis and Mr. Roberts can settle into a comfortable retirement drawing off the management scene from KK&R provided those fine 40 something Ivy League graduates that they've hired to run their firm can keep it on the straight and narrow. And the economics to anyone building that kind of equivalent of the investment bank that is that goes public, they have every incentive to do it. Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm not saying that if there was an unexpected transition that people wouldn't make money, right? The question that Harry had this, this apparent dominance right now, could that survive the loss of Mr. Beast, right? Could it survive the loss of Elon Musk, right? The core, the iconic core. And I'm not sure. I would not like to think of the Tesla stock price if Mr. Musk decided to move back to South Africa and retire. The shadow of Marc Andreessen, even when he's quiet on social media, it's a long generational transition would be harder for a firm Andreessen Horrors or Coastal Avengers. Look, there's an insider baseball thing here that I don't I'm not gossiping enough to know. I honestly don't know if Vinod wants to build a generational fund when I'm just guessing as a brand guy, when I look how it's named and I look some of the I mean, he has the best some of the best talent on the bench. I thought Vinod's plan was not to die. So none of this matters. It might not matter. It's a good plan. Yeah, it's a great plan. I'm with him. And if you can figure it out, it's a good it's a good either for real or in the GPUs one way or another to not die. If anyone will, he will. So there we're not. So how are we going to avoid your question? Because I think we have a sense of what the answer would be. So I'm avoiding the question by never going to die. And you love the game never going to die. So it doesn't matter. And he could just invest his own capital infinitely if anyone disagrees. Like he has if he's on it, he's going to live to 300 and he can just invest his own billions. Worst case, right? You don't need any LPs. I do want to discuss public markets because we saw EquipmentShare IPO pop 33%, $8 billion market cap growing 47% at $4 billion in revenue. Great IPO. IPO markets open. We're feeling great about this. I think it's a good IPO. I think it points to the need for scale, profitability, and it's a very different IPO, obviously, just for everyone's background. EquipmentShare is a kind of technology enabled equipment rental company for construction. So if you're a builder, a construction builder in, you know, pick any US city and you need you're doing a job and you need to rent diggers, conveyors, whatever else other equipment you need, these are the guys to go to. Great story. Ten year story, real critical mass, making money. Not it's not it's inherently a physical business with a digital overlay. And the end of the day, there's nothing digital about a construct piece of construction equipment. It's a large yellow or green painted thing that digs up dirt and moves it around. So it's a grounded business, but they seem to have built kind of, you know, in large part using digital technology to become more efficient. They seem to build a pretty compelling business. So it's probably good news for the all the other two billion dollar digital construction companies out there. Growing 47% at that scale and profitable. 47%. If you're at billions in revenue, growing 40% and profitable, right, and outlier margins for your segment, then you can IPO in an effortless fashion. I view this as an effortless IPO, which was it interesting. It was effortless, really oversubscribed. You just IPO, you trade up. There's no drama. That it's just this is what an IPO is supposed to be. And fun to see it was a wide combinator company from 2015. I would love to go back and look at everyone's notes as they set through demo day 2015 and what they said about the equipment rental company from the heartland. YZ and Lead Edge both made a lot of money on that one. Does this start a floodgate of this size of outcomes going public? And do they see the 33% pop and a good IPO as Jason said and say, okay, market's ready now for us. Will this start a flood? What we're going to say, when I pointed out in the notes, I thought the contrast to Wealthfront was here's one that wasn't good enough for the markets and a very good company. A company whose software we admire, who has done some good deeds in the world, made more efficient investing, very, very easy for people. Doesn't seem to rip consumers off in a lot of ways. A lot of this was an IPO that the market said shouldn't have happened. It's a deeply broken IPO. It's trading down what 30 or 40% from its IPO and it's subscale. Like it's worse. It's subscale, right? The markets are saying, first of all, this wasn't worth remotely what we IPO-ed it at. It's only worth 1.3 billion, not 2 point something billion. It's down 36%, which sounds bad, but it's also subscale. A billion dollars, you know, that's nothing for open evidence or friends, but that is not, you're barely public there. You lose the liquidity. You lose analysts. We can say they IPO-ed, but it's going to be a long haul for everybody to get their money out of this company, right? For employees, maybe it's fine, but it's barely public. I still have a more than vestigial affection for this company. It does kind of suck and, you know, some part of it may be temporary, but it does point to the low end of the market cap space is a perilous one because you fall a little below it and you do end up in that, you know, 1.2, 1.2, there are companies doing 5 million in ARR that are raising at 1.2 billion, and here is poor wealth simple, hundreds of millions in revenue, billions on the management at the same space. I think they will compound out. I actually like the company and have a mental note here to go check on it and see the valuation and maybe buy some, but Jason is right. It's not going to be a liquidity event in the short term because it's just not going to be the liquidity. Again, it gets back to the, you can say it's fortunate or unfortunate, but it doesn't matter what your kind of subjective opinions are of it, that the objective fact is 3 billion plus or minus appears to be the point at which you're, you know, it's easy to go public and it gets a lot easier the more you go up from there. Maybe three is a cutoff and when you do something at two and then you slip even a little bit, you're down into who cares land, which sucks. My worry is honestly, if companies are created, maintained, grown by the people within them, do the best talent really want to go to wealth front in a 30 to 40% down IPO? I didn't mean that horribly, but it's just, is that a magnet for the best talent today given the many options they have? And if not, look, if you're an AI engineer, no, if you're actually interested in finance and investing, I think it's a very compelling space to go because I think the things they're doing are super interesting. You know, do you really, is it, is it, is it a top five place? Like no offense. Well, I think two things could happen. If you have a deeply driven and charismatic CEO on a mission, you will at least find a way to attract a handful of leaders to even a company with that struggle. You will find a way. If you're utterly tenacious, I believe you will. They may be failed founders themselves, which is like the hottest recruiting category in tech right now, failed founders. You may find them other places, but you will find two or three folks that can move the needle and it's all unique. You only need two or three leaders at a company of any scale. The best ones will find two or three. At the same time, I have to tell you when I talk to companies like this and I've done like several of them recently for the start of the year, I feel like people are just blinking at the camera. Like they join these companies to not work. They join these companies so that I had to argue with one of these companies that I'm just friends with. You know, they didn't want to get, get a big release out this year. There was a lot going on to get a big release out this year. You're going to get destroyed by the competition. So on the one hand, you can do it, but you better be, in my opinion, you better be this CEO on a mission and reboot the company and find those folks. But realize 90% of your folks, if you're not careful, are you just going to be blinking at the camera? Oh, we need to slip that release. Well, these next quarters look soft actually, Harry, but Q4 is looking great at the end of the year. This year, I know, I know Q1 and Q2 are going to be down, but we'll make it all up in December. I'm going to push back on this because we live in a power law out in terms of outcomes, we say only a few outcomes matter, therefore all the other outcomes don't matter, right? Which is mathematically true about company results because that's the distribution curve for outcomes. But the distribution curve for humans, just for the record, is actually pretty much a bell curve. So the idea that even in the good company, not everyone's going to be exceptional, right? There's an implied step in behind what you're doing, Jason, which is all the great people are in the great company and everyone in the okay companies is mediocre. I actually think they're two different distributions, right? Probably the great companies skew a little better than the average, but most of the time, once you're up to a thousand people, you have a fairly representative sub-segment of whatever class of people you're hiring. Harry's got his confused face on, and I can't explain it better right now, but I don't believe all the people in something like, well, a solid outcome company like a well-fronted or even an equipment show are mediocre and not trying. I don't think that's, I think it's over-generalization. And of course you're right, the reality is even at the best, 80% of folks are not contributing significant value mathematically, but you've got to have these epic leaders in ICs to compete today. You've got to have a great leader. They have to be, it's so competitive, it's so competitive. I totally agree, but great leaders are everywhere. You better find this founder that can truly bring this talent in, in a magical way, and it does happen. We've all invested in a company and often it's a company that like plateaued and then reaccelerated, the CEOs find a way to hire through that plateau, right? That crappy six months. So we've all seen it, but you better not pray it's there because you like the product or you like, like how you used it in 2023 because it's brutal. We said about small and subscale IPOs, ethos, the InsuTech provider funded by your secoys, your excels, provider of life insurance, going public today when this show airs on the 29th, valued at 1.3 billion, high end of the range. Last valuation privately was 2.7 billion in a peak valuation. Is that subscale? And as a result, should they not be going public? They should, what do you mean by should, Howie? Why shouldn't they? What's your alternative plan for this company if it does not go public? Continue being funded by its existing investors. Well, if its existing investors think that the return profile from here is more akin to what a public investor would want, then they can go public. Sure. But does this not slightly feel like being fed to dogs? No, Howie, again, this boils down, it's a discussion we have every freaking week. It's below the line for Chamath, he doesn't care. Yeah, despite his four billion dollars, I don't plan to run my life on where Chamath's lines are. I think it's true. That's a good tweet. Yeah, please don't. I'm not trying to be argumentative. I'm actually being complimentary. Look, I think what is true is that at this kind of valuation, at this kind of market cap, it is harder to get liquidity. It's what Jason said. But you don't know what's going to price. You don't know what's going to trade. And, you know, maybe they don't want liquidity. Now, maybe it's a process of starting. And over the next one or two years, they perform, they grow, you go 20 percent year on year, whatever it is, 30 percent. And you just, over time, build up your market cap. I don't think we can all stay private forever, being passed around amongst us, especially if we're not growing at, you know, the venture cost of capital should be around 30 percent and the public cost of capital should be around 11. That does come a point when you're better off in the public markets. And if it's subscale and cheap, let me tell you what will happen. People will buy it and they'll make what's called a capital gain. I mean, if I have the courage and my convictions, I should go away, look at the wealth fund numbers and say, I believe it's cheap at 1.2. I should buy, because in the end, value will conform. This is going to go out on the 29th, Jason, so we can ask Rory now, because he's just said about a capital gain that could come. Will this have a pop or will it have a drop? Well, I think it's going to have a drop. Notwithstanding Bill Gurley, my personal view is IPO should be engineered. Things matter, just like the start of the conversation. It does matter to feel there's a lot of benefits to feeling good about the IPO. I think it won't. But I do think the interesting question is maybe this is what you're asking in a sense, Harry. Rory may disagree, but in a sense, this is a capitulation by the investors saying we're not getting back to that three billion dollar valuation or two point something billion dollar valuation of years ago. It's OK. We need liquidity. There needs to be an exit path. No one's offered to buy us for a good price in the last three to four years, or they would have taken it. So it's time. It's time, boys, to IPO. If this one works, will we see a flood of these? Even if they're like wealth front or others and trade down, if the market will absorb them, will it be time to flush our 2021 unicorns out the door and down the drain, but out the door in 2026 and 2027? Maybe it's time to just let these let them go. It would no matter what what price it's at. You're veering on doing the thing you condemn the others to do, which is sneering at a one, two and three billion dollar outcome. Right. It's the low end of the public company market cap, but it's a perfectly good outcome. And to be congratulated to start a company from nothing and get to one or two billion dollars in value, get it public, have the chance to compound for five or 10 years. It's an awesome achievement. And you're right. Look, we will look back and go. The winners were the ones who got a crazy valuation in 2021 and then were able to get out from under that valuation via a down round, a down IPO or a down M&A. The bad ones are the guys who are still sitting there looking at the 21 valuation and thinking that's ever coming back. I give anyone credit who's making progress and clearing the logjam and doing what it takes. Yeah, I think is there going to be a lot more of this? I remind you there's seven, 800 unicorns, you know, valued at more than a billion. And the SVB did that analysis. I think something like 30% of them have a decent growth profile and scale. Call it 200. Jason's point at one a business day, it'll take a year. I was 20, 21 at one a week. It'll take four years. So, yeah, I think this has to start happening. And, you know, one of the things that's true, Harry, is price clears all markets. In other words, there's a price at which public investors will say, yeah, I'll buy that. And maybe it's not two point one. Maybe it's not the price you wanted in 2021. But if it's I mean, you call it being fed to the dogs, which kind of clearly was a buried pejorative statement. Maybe it's just figuring out what price it takes to set a product. I guess just on a related note, I'm an advisor to a to a unicorn. Hundreds of millions growing pretty good growth, right? Not being killed by AI, but not necessarily benefiting from it. But enough right to be to eventually compound to a better IPO than that. But not an open evidence. And we did an M&A review a little while ago, and I was shocked. Who's on the block? I mean, everyone's for sale. And I was shocked that folks worth less, I mean, worth more, much more are willing to be acquired by someone with a fraction of their revenue. And these are I didn't see Databricks are the ones that were passed around the room virtually. But I was shocked of folks that have been on 20 VC that I did not know were in market that are looking for, aggressively looking for an exit. Which is why when you see people pull off an IPO or pull off a freaking five billion dollar exit, the correct response is, yeah, well done. And then be God damn, I wish that my guys could do that. That'd be great. It's a great outcome. Right. Yeah. You know, if we're going to end, I do think a hat tip deserves to be given to our friend of the show, Mr. Mark Benioff, who army just awarded sales. Yeah. Five point six billion dollar contract over ten years. Mr. Benioff hat tip. Well done. Totally. Yeah. SAS is not dead. And now SAS has an army. I love it. SAS has the army. Yeah. Take that. Take that, Doris. No, it was first of all, you're exactly right. Great outcome. And someone, some sales rep in Salesforce is getting the mother of all commissions here and good luck to them. But I also think it speaks to the, you know, the whole zeitgeist of AI is going to eat everything. And I think the correct pushback has been I think the people have been saying all these systems of record like Salesforce are going to get replaced. I'm obviously wrong because that's not what's going to happen because it would be an incredible waste of talent to do that. You should just live off the systems that have. But I think this is an example of that. It's a separate piece, common, the avenue pieces. How much value can you build in the AI first world as a system of record? That's a totally legitimate question. Can Salesforce get its mojo and growth back? Or is it a the utility of SAS stocks for the next five years? That's a fair question. But I think deals like this put to rest the anyone who thinks that they're going to vibe code their way to a product that can replace the five hundred million dollar army orders. I'm pretty sure I'm dumb as rocks still after many shows with you. My question to you is when AI sales reps work and you have distribution to the scale that Salesforce does, I don't see how they don't regain growth and be a dominant force again. Look, the market is saying again right now, the market is saying, oh, my God, SAS is dead, you know, the multiples are down. And you're saying almost the exact opposite. Again, I would remind you that you can take some of your ill gotten gains and bet them on the public markets if you want to. I'm kind of in the middle. I don't think they go away, but I think it's what Jason said. They don't go away, but it is hard to do that innovation that gets that new product out the door. One thing that we do get confused about is we think it's all directly AI. And AI is the biggest issue because the lion's share of the new CIO's budget is going to AI. That's where all the discretionary budget is and price increases. OK, and price increases is almost self-defeating because it only works so long. And so if you're not tapping into the AI budget, you know, Mark, when he was on this show and his own show was saying how much better a deal Palantir got, I think that was echoed in some of these army contracts because maybe he had to take a haircut on those deals and get the budget where it is. And so it's there. It's just there are so many other issues, unfortunately, that are attacking SAS. They are seat contractions are existential. Workday said seats are perpetually under pressure. Shopify has held headcount flat for three years and grown 40 something percent in that time. We're not hiring anybody and we're going to hire less people. Price increases have become destructive because SAS price products are up 40 percent the last three to four years. And that's great for a CRO to make their plan this quarter. But it crowds everything out. There's no room to upsell or anything when price increases take up everything. And so there's like all these different issues. If we're not buying as many seats and we're radically increasing pricing, there's just multiple ways the old model is getting attacked. And if it were just as simple as adding an agent, that'd be hard enough. But it's not. And our workforces are shrinking. And what we expect from our workforces is shrinking. And so SAS will adapt, but just magically charging per token doesn't necessarily change the fact for many providers. Tweaking pricing models doesn't change how much folks want to spend for a product. That's a fallacy. That's that's what consultants do. They're pricing consultants. It's great. But if no one wants to pay more than 20 grand a year for your product, you can't force them to with a clever pricing model. There's a lot of issues to deal with that the new guys don't have to deal with today. So you end up in that boring kind of quadrant of it ain't going away, but it ain't exploding. If it was just AI and it was nothing else, you put two thousand people like Mark did on agent force and it works or it doesn't, but it mostly works. Right. But at the same time, folks are contracting seats. Right. If at the same time they're cutting budget for existing investors. Right. If at the same time you're beholden to price increases to make your plan. I worry for all but the best. It's too many daggers out. It's just being attacked from so many sides that it's hard. We just got used to these hundred and thirty, hundred and twenty percent and our years that were magical, that often didn't even rely on price increases. Right. Slack never raised prices and still grew at one hundred forty percent. And our I don't know those days are ever coming back, no matter how good our agents are. OK, boys. I'm the rat, baby. But before we leave you today, are you a founder working nonstop to raise your next round? Are you an investor doing all you can for your portfolio companies to help them stand out? Funding and scaling a vision is challenging. Banking should not be. HSBC Innovation Banking caters to tech and health care founders all over the world who need a really great banking partner that matches their pace, offering fast onboarding, product packages designed for your business and capital solutions built for high growth startups and the VCs investing in them. With HSBC Innovation Banking's rapid onboarding, you can get access to your new accounts and facilities quickly so your team can stay focused on building and scaling. What's next? You'll be paired with your own dedicated team of venture ecosystem veterans who have the network and experience to guide companies in your specific sector at your specific stage. And behind that support is this real strength. HSBC's three trillion dollar balance sheet and global network that provides this stability and international reach needed to grow your operation with confidence to see how HSBC Innovation Banking can support you. Whether you're on day one or day a thousand, visit innovationbanking.hsbc to learn more and connect with an innovation banking specialist. That's innovationbanking.hsbc. While HSBC manages your corporate banking needs, Deal helps you build the global team behind it. Founders scale startups faster on Deal. Grow without borders. Deal handles the hard parts of global hiring so you can stay focused on growth. Set up payroll for any country in minutes. Hire anyone anywhere and get visas handled fast. Deal takes care of onboarding, HR, IT, EOR, benefits and compliance. Everything your startup needs to scale quickly, all done fast in one place. And that's why 37,000 fast growing companies trust Deal to move really fast and get back to building. Visit deal.com slash 20 VEC. That's deal.deel.com slash 20 VEC. Once Deal helps you hire your global team, Framer gets them wowed on the way in. A website should help your business grow, not slow it down. If updates to your dot com feel harder than they should, Framer is the shortcut you've been looking for. Framer is an enterprise grade, no code website builder that works like your team's favorite design tool. And it's used by companies like Perplexity, Miro, Mixpanel to move faster. Designers and marketers can fully own the site with real time collaboration, a robust CMS built for SEO and advanced analytics that include integrated A-B testing. So you're not just shipping pages, but you're maximizing what works. And when you're ready to ship, changes go live in seconds with one click. Publish without relying on engineering. Plus, Framer is built for scale with premium hosting, enterprise grade security and 99.99% uptime SLAs. Whether you want to launch a new site, test a few landing pages or migrate your full dot com, Framer has programs for startups, scale ups and large enterprises to make going from idea to live site fast. Learn how you can get more out of your dot com from a Framer specialist or get started building for free today at framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off, 30% off a Framer Pro annual plan. That's framer.com slash 20 VC for 30% off. Framer.com slash 20 VC rules and restrictions may apply.

</details>
