---
title: "20VC $0-$260M in Revenue in Three Years How We Did It  You Need to Work Weekend feb1ecaf-2"
people_mentioned: ["Nick Sturonsky", "Alan Chang", "Fuse Energy", "Mid Journey"]
channel: "The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"
video_id: "feb1ecaf-2de6-4af0-b005-700246673d9c"
url: "https://open.spotify.com/episode/feb1ecaf-2de6-4af0-b005-700246673d9c"
publish_date: 2026-01-05
duration: "56:51"
word_count: 11158
content_type: "solo-talk"
delivery_mode: "technique"
broad_category: "ai"
subcategories: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics"]
series_name: ""
episode_id: ""
primary_person: "Nick Sturonsky"
host_names: []
interviewer_names: []
interviewee_profiles: []
speaker_profiles: ["Nick Sturonsky"]
organizations_mentioned: ["The Twenty Minute VC (20VC)"]
locations_mentioned: []
tools_mentioned: []
companies_mentioned: []
topics: ["ai-safety", "ai-regulation", "ai-jobs", "ai-agents", "ai-coding", "ai-economics", "lead-generation", "product-management"]
tags: []
---






## Full Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand full transcript (11158 words)</summary>

If you have a gun pointed to your head today, would you have done more? If the answer is yes, that means you're not doing a good job. There's nothing wrong with wanting work-life balance. But I think the only way to build a generational company is like very, very strong work ethic. I just don't see any other way to do it. Excuses don't matter. If you're a leader of an area in the company, excuses don't matter. If you succeed, you get all the praise. If you fail, you get all the blame. And it does not matter why you failed. We increased our revenue 10x every year since inception. The first year was 2 million pounds. Second year was 20 pounds. And then this year, we're going to end at over 200 pounds. Simply put, I have interviewed 1,000 of the best entrepreneurs over the last decade, and two stand out above all others. Nick Sturonsky, founder at Revolut, and then our guest today, Alan Chang. Alan is the co-founder and CEO of Fuse Energy, where, check this out, every single year, he has scaled revenue 10x. The first year, 2 million. The second year, 20 million. And the third year, 200 million. So like Netflix beat incumbents to own media, Revolut beat incumbents to own banking, Fuse will beat incumbents to own energy. I think three of the most important categories that technology can own. Prior to founding Fuse, Alan was one of the first three hires at Revolut, where he played a crucial role alongside Nick in scaling the company to an over $75 billion valuation. But before we dive into the show today, as an investor, I'm always on the lookout for tools that really transform how I work, tools that don't just save time, but fundamentally change how I uncover insights. That's exactly what AlphaSense does. With the acquisition of Tegas, AlphaSense is now the ultimate research platform built for professionals who need insights they can trust, fast. I've used Tegas before for company deep dives right here on the podcast. It's been an incredible resource for expert insights. But now with AlphaSense leading the way, it combines those insights with premium content, top broker research and cutting edge generative AI. The result, a platform that works like a supercharged junior analyst, delivering trusted insights and analysis on demand. AlphaSense has completely re-imagined fundamental research helping you uncover opportunities from perspectives you didn't even know how they existed. It's faster, it's smarter, and it's built to give you the edge in every decision you make. To any VC listeners, don't miss your chance to try AlphaSense for free. Visit AlphaSense.com forward slash two zero to unlock your trial. That's AlphaSense.com forward slash two zero. After AlphaSense shows you what the market is signaling, Nexus helps you turn those signals into deals. Is your team using chat GPT? How about Gemini or Mid Journey? You probably don't know the full answer and that's the danger of shadow AI. Every day your employees are feeding sensitive company data, code, and customer lists into, let's face it, public AI tools, creating a massive security and compliance blind spot. But you can't just block AI, you will kill productivity. That's why we recommend Nexus AI. Nexus AI gives you complete visibility and control over all AI use in your company. It lets you see every tool, block the risky ones, and most importantly, it places AI guardrails to automatically redact sensitive data before it leaves your network. It's a unified platform for secure company-wide AI adoption and productivity. Tech leaders set policies and oversee usage. Business teams get the models they actually need. It's not about stopping innovation, it's about enabling it safely. Try Nexus.ai yourself with a 14 day free trial at Nexus.ai forward slash two zero VC. Our link is in the description. While Nexus helps you run faster across revenue workflows, Vanta makes sure your security and compliance can keep up. Security and compliance done wrong is a giant headache. Security and compliance done right though? Well, that's Vanta. Vanta helps you earn trust and speed up growth, no spreadsheets required. For startups low on time and resources, Vanta becomes your first security hire using AI and automation to get you compliant, fast, and unblock really big deals. And if you're big enterprises, Vanta is your AI-powered hub for compliance and risk, bringing together data from across your business and automating workflows so you can prove trust at any moment. Vanta scales with you at every stage. That's why top companies, from startups like Cursor to enterprises like Snowflake, choose Vanta. Do security and compliance right? My listeners can get $1,000 off Vanta by going to vanta.com forward slash two zero VC. That's vanta.com forward slash two zero VC for $1,000 off Vanta. You have now arrived at your destination. Alan, dude, I am so looking forward to this. So I have you to thank for hiring my chief of staff because we were sitting in a cocktail bar in London and you were helping me hire. And I was like then, holy shit, this guy is brilliant and I need to do a show with him. That was three years ago. So thank you so much for doing this with me. I think a really interesting one to start with is you're a fricking machine. And I just want to understand, when we look at like transformative moments, one of the most transformative early moments you was getting the job with Nick and with Revolut. Can you just take me to that? And Sakhar actually said I had to ask this one. He was like, you got to start with how he actually got the job. How did you get the job with Nick? And what did that look like? At the time I just graduated and I was just perusing on the Facebook group. Like it was called London startups. And I saw this job post, Revolut. I was like, okay, I have no idea what this company does. But I was looking for fresh guys. I was like, okay, I applied and Nick replied within five minutes. I was like, oh wow, that's very quick. And then he asked me to come for a face-to-face interview the next day. So I came for an interview and he asked me a bunch of physics questions. I was like, I didn't realize I was applying for a physics job. And he offered me a role right after the interview. I said yes and that was it. That was like the fastest interview process I've ever had. What was the position and what size and scale was Revolut then? Yeah, so at the time in terms of full-time it was Nick, Vlad and two other full-time engineers and that was it. So it was just hot desking. Job was just, it was called operations analyst but effectively the first three months was doing customer support. When did you realize that this was gonna be a massive $100 billion company? So at the time Revolut was in a co-working space called Level 39. I remember this. Yeah, and so Level 39 is, for those who don't know, it's basically a giant startup co-working space with maybe over 200 startups. And Revolut was the only team that worked past 7 p.m. on the weekday. So after 7 p.m. the whole floor is dead. It was also the only team that worked on the weekends. So when I realized that, I knew there was something special. The second moment was I asked Nick, like what's your ambition? What keeps you motivated? And at the time he's worth quite a bit of money already so what drives him, right? And he told me he wants to beat JP Morgan. So that's the second moment I realized this is gonna be a massive company. What do you think you guys did really right really early on that led to such success early? So at the time when we got started, there were basically three players. There was Revolut, Monzo, and N26. And for the first two years, at least from the outside, it feels like neck to neck, right? It wasn't clear who the winner was. But for me it was crystal clear, right? It was crystal clear who's gonna win. And the reason why is because it's just the team's ambition and execution, right? Because ultimately if you ask the same teams at the time, like basically the product roadmap, almost everyone would tell you basically the same. There wasn't any differentiation in the product roadmap. But what differentiated between us and everyone else was basically the ambition and the speed of execution. And that was it. How do you move so fast? What is your biggest lessons on how to create speed of execution within teams? I want this internally. You've met my team here, you see it. How do I encourage this urgency and speed of execution internally? And how do you do it? Yeah, so I think have small teams operating in the independent units and give them very clear goals, let them execute. And what you should do is monitor those teams. If they do well, let them be. If they don't do well, replace the team. What did you learn from Nick about managing people and people performance? It's all about results. I think Nick's make this analogy before. There are three types of people in the world. There are people who can self-identify the target and shoot and hit the goal. Then there are people who can't identify targets. But if you point, they shoot and they hit the goal. And then the third type of people, which is neither, right? You wanna maximize the first and second group of people. And you want ideally the first and second type of people leading teams. And basically the throughput of your company is basically sum of the number of people in the first and second bucket. When you bring those people together and you grow very fast, what was the most significant breaking moment in the early Revolut days? And what did you learn and take from it? I'll say the get-shit-done culture, the best way to build something great, very, very fast. And it's something I took on board, but I even amped it up even more. How do you amp it up more? Putting even more intensity, right? Just driving a lot of urgency within the company. Always keep people on their toes. How do you always keep people on their toes? Is it pushing them in terms of their goals? Is it pushing them in terms of the hours and the work and the intensity? What is it? Oh, in terms of results, right? Or lack thereof. I always emphasize we're not moving fast enough. We could be doing more, but we're not. For example, I told the team last year execution was maybe four out of 10, right? And we need to get a 10 out of 10 and we're not passing. What was the problem with that? And how did you fix it? The problem was speed of execution. We were too slow, we wanted to ship a bunch of things and we didn't, right? Things were delayed. When were you off target in execution with Revolut? And what did you learn from that? I think we were off execution maybe every year. I think the mindset should be, I think you need to be best versions of yourself. So you always need to review, okay, in the past week, in the past month, what could I've done better? Maybe more extreme analogy, right? Like I used to ask my team, right, at Rev. If you have a gun pointed to your head today, would you have done more? If the answer is yes, that means you're not doing a good job. There will be people who say, I also have a family. I also have other parts of my life. And I get this a lot. I'm sure you've probably seen, because you're socially aware, but like 996 I've been chastised for, actually including by some of your investors at Baldersen, interesting, who would say it's not what life balance. And I could always say, yes, I could have done more, but I have other parts of my life. How do you respond to them? Don't join Fuse, that's okay. Like I totally respect what people want, you know, like nine to five job, right? There's nothing wrong with wanting work-life balance. But I think the only way to build a generational company is like very, very strong work ethic. I just don't see any other way to do it. When you look back now, Revolut is known for its intense culture as well. That's where I think you've learnt a lot of this. Where was the Revolut culture amazing that you've really taken from it? And where was it? Actually, I'm glad that we left that behind and it wasn't helpful. Yeah, I think Revolut's culture never settled, like in terms of speed and quality is something I took over. Like Revolut had a lot of cultural values and to be honest, I think it's a bit too many for me. I always forget all of them. How many does it have? From memory, it's six. How many should you have? I think one. What's your one cultural value? So never settle. It's the one that resonated with me the most. Do you apply that to all parts of life? And what I mean by that is, one of the heads of a firm recently said to me, and it's one of the biggest firms in the world, but I do wanna keep this one private because otherwise they'll fucking kill me. They said, how you do anything is how you do everything. Like if we have mistakes in a memo, that says that we're not thinking clearly and we're not putting the work in. And I actually didn't really agree with that. I think you have to pick your battles and choose where to be all in. How do you think about that never settle? Because sometimes it's okay to settle on 80% for a junior account manager in whatever. Do you know what I mean? I agree with that, yeah. I think you have to pick your battles for sure. Ultimately, you need to identify the most important roles in the company and never settle on those roles. But the roles that matter less, I think it's perfectly okay to settle. When you're building Revolut with Nick and the team, what was your biggest disagreement with Nick and how did that play out? I'll say the overuse of KPIs. Because ultimately, there are things you should measure, which tells you the health of that team, how well they're doing, and you should hunch and do that. But then once you start incentivizing against that, teams find ways to game it. Nick is a super numbers-driven guy, and I think that worked very well in a large part. But I would say not everything should be the KPI. What shouldn't be a KPI and what shouldn't? How do you determine that? When you start incentivizing a metric, you need to think about, okay, what are the second-order consequences? Let's take a very simple example. Let's say a recruiter. If you give a KPI to a recruiter, let's say on hires per month, what they might start to do, because the bonus depends on it, is trying to convince hiring managers to lower the talent bar. And I've seen that happen before. That's actually not what the company wants. What the company wants is to actually keep the talent bar high. So instead they try, some recruiters that really want to chase a bonus is they try and negotiate with hiring managers, try and convince them, this is the best you're going to find, you're not going to find someone better, et cetera, et cetera. When we look at outcomes, I think so much of Revolut's success has come from product diversification and the testing that you guys did internally. When I interviewed Nick, the thing that struck me was, he said about the 26 product experiments were being run internally at the same time. That was a really interesting way to approach company building to me that no one had ever talked to me about before. What did you learn from that? What are your takeaways from seeing that that you've applied to Fuse? Yeah, I think product diversification is so important. I mean, let me give you like one example of why that was so important. So during the COVID lockdowns, the interchange revenue, so revenue from people spending on cards, especially abroad, it went basically near zero. However, there was a lot of stimulus checks from the COVID times and the stock market was booming and the crypto market was booming. So whilst the interchange revenue went down, the trading revenue went up. So it kind of offset each other. So that was a great example where diversification actually helped make the company's revenues much more resilient. Do you think you should have gone for the banking license earlier? Nick's publicly said that he thinks he should have done, but when you look there, I think your product diversification was enabled by your not having the banking license earlier by Monzo did. Actually, I think the product diversification could have happened even if Revva got the banking license earlier. I think Nick is totally right. The issue is like the bigger you get, the, I guess, more scared the regulators are of you because if you succeed, they have no upside. They don't get a bigger bonus. But if you fail, like they might lose their jobs. So they're incentivized to be risk averse as opposed to risk neutral, right? Whereas what's best for the economy is actually risk neutral regulators. When was the first time that you really felt that incumbents and regulators were aware of how successful you were becoming? I still don't think they realize. I still don't think the incumbents have woken up yet. Oh dude, they have. They have? They have. I'm sorry, I spoke at one of the incumbents events recently and like pretty much the only thing that was discussed at their away day is Revolut. But what have they done about it? Well, the trouble is they can't and that's why you bet long on Revolut. And I am trying to buy every fucking Revolut share I can at a good price because honestly, the structures, the compounds that they have, the policies that they have means that they can't do it. It's almost like they know the challenge but they are unable to fight against it. And no one has ownership. It's a 100 year old bank as a hired CEO who's been paid five million a year for five years. He honestly, if he bounces, he'll go back to Marbella to the family home and it'll be fine. Yeah, maybe. Talking about it and doing something about it is very different. Do you think it's important to have an enemy in a startup? Whether it's Revolut in banks, whether it's Fuse in traditional incumbents, is that important? I think it's important to have a common goal. For example, at Fuse, our common goal is no trade-offs. Looking back like last 20 years, like this green movement, basically telling people to use less. So you had politicians that says, you should drive less to work. You should turn heating on less often. You should fly less. You should do less of everything in order to save the environment. And then you have energy prices slowly creeping up over the last 20 years as well. It's basically trade-offs and I think that's totally wrong. It's actually moving in the complete opposite direction. We should be using more energy. There's actually a very strong correlation between how much energy you use per capita and quality of life. And if you look at the Americans, the Americans use almost eight times more energy than Europeans and look at the quality of life. But you're saying the American quality of life is better than ours. For sure. Think about the average American home. They have a large detached house, big driveway, several cars, big backyard, maybe a swimming pool, maybe a sauna, and maybe a jacuzzi. And that's middle-class. We're not talking about ultra-wealthy Americans. Even if you look at the wealthy Brits living in London. But that's bluntly built on an infrastructure of credit and borrowing that they are unable to afford, which you see in bluntly debt and borrowing levels in the US on the consumer side being harder than they've ever been. Whilst at the same time, respectfully, dude, their food supply chain is completely fucked unless you're on either coast. And the quality of their food is shit and manufactured. That's also true. But if you look at the average cost of the American home, it's relatively affordable. So what do we take away from that? I think the takeaway is you can have it all three ways. You can have low-cost energy, you can have more energy, and you can have lower carbon energy at the same time. People often talk about the energy crisis that we're in today, and energy is now one of the hottest topics. When people say it's a quarter to midnight, it's a minute to midnight, how close are we to an energy crisis? Is it a minute to midnight? Are we far away? What does that look like? I think we're in an energy crisis already. In the whole developed economies, UK is in the deepest trouble. So if you look at energy consumption per capita in the last 25 years, UK has dropped 25%. In the US, it's been flat. In China, in the same period of time, it's gone up by seven times, seven times in the same period of time. And energy prices have gone up, price volatility has gone up, everything is trending in the wrong direction. And what's the cause of that? Can you just help me answer here? I was talking to one of the biggest kind of data infrastructure providers the other day, and they were like, listen, the reason we're not in the UK is because as a percentage of revenue, energy is 16% of our revenues in the UK, whereas comparatively elsewhere, it's three to 4%. Why is that? Why are we so bad? Two reasons. The first reason is overregulation. It's very hard to build anything in the UK, like physical otherwise. Let me give you an example, right? So we're trying to build a power plant in the UK, and one of the things the council have a complete discretion over is planning, especially around environmental impact. So we had to do wintering bird surveys over several winters. So how that works is you hire a guy with a clipboard, and they count number of birds in the winter. And until that survey is done, you can't build. So that's one example where it's so hard to build something physical in Britain. Right now, I can tell you, if you speak to any of the infra capital providers, they wanna deploy a lot of capital to building infrastructure. So the problem is not capital. The problem is it's very, very hard to build. So that's the first reason. The second reason, I would say, is the quality of companies operating in this space is not very sophisticated. Like a lot of these existing energy companies, they are not technology-driven at all. They're very old school, so pen and paper, spreadsheet-based companies that are incredibly inefficient. Now, there's not much I can do about regulation, but I think we can, for sure, build the best version of best energy company using the latest technology. Who is in charge of the regulation? Is this Ed Miliband and the energy? Yeah, it's Ofgem, it's Desnaz. And when we compare that to the US, do they not have the same regulatory compliance issues that, say, California does, which is why they failed so woefully on their expansion of the railway systems that they wanted to build out? Yeah, I think, to be clear, I think US also share a lot of the similar problems to the UK to a lesser extent. And it also depends on what state are you talking about. For example, in the state of Texas, where a lot of people say it's a home of energy, it's much easier to build compared to the UK. When you think about the energy crisis today, what does no one know that everyone should know? I'm very naive on energy. It's not my business, it's not where we invest traditionally. So, first of all, there's no such thing as harmful to renewable. Just think about when the sun is shining, solar is generating, and obviously, sun is not shining all the time. For wind, it's the same, right? When wind is blowing, you get wind energy, wind power. However, they are extremely correlated to each other. What that means is even if you overbuild solar and wind, it's never possible to cover harm's end of the time to be harmful to renewable because they're highly correlated. So, in certain hours, you get abundant of solar and wind energy, but in certain hours, you basically get near zero energy, even if you overbuild. Now, you can argue, okay, you can put storage in, but right now, most batteries are sub-two hours. So, actually, batteries are way too expensive for us to use to store days or even weeks without solar and wind energy. So, any energy company that's claiming they're harmful to renewable is a complete lie. They're simply buying renewable certificates to claim they're harmful to renewable, and it's completely false. Let me give you a proof point of why this is completely false. When Russia invaded Ukraine, the gas prices shot up, but the energy companies that are offering 100% renewable energy tariffs also went up. How is that possible if it's 100% renewable, right? I think that's the first thing. Second thing most people don't understand is power is not fungible across time and space. You have a lot of power, for example, wind power in north of Scotland, that are being told to turn off because the power is not getting to where it needs to be. People are not using energy when a wind is blowing and it's also not going to where it needs to be, which is the big demand centers like London, because the grid is not set up to do that. So yeah, these are two biggest misconceptions in energy, I would say. If you were in charge of the UK's energy policy program, what would you do differently that we're not doing today? I would deregulate building anything physical. I would make it so easy for anyone to build. Number two is I would delete all subsidies of any kind. Why? Because the goal for energy should be as low cost as possible. A subsidy basically means it's actually not profitable to build this project, but because the subsidy is now profitable. Think about who takes that burden of that higher energy cost. It's ultimately the ratepayers, right? It's you and I, it's everyone. So it actually doesn't make sense. So I'll delete all subsidies and let the free market do its thing. If it's profitable to build it, people will build it. If it's not, don't. When we look at energy regulations, infrastructure, policy, which country do you think stands out as an exemplary that we should follow? China. Why is that? Just look at the energy price. If you look at what the Brits and Europeans pay in terms of cost per kilo hour, it's roughly 25 to $30. In the U.S. is 10 to $15. In China, it's $8. If you look at energy per capita, U.S. hasn't grown in the last 25 years. It's been flat. In China, it's gone up by seven times. And if you look at the build out in China, right? They have truly vertically integrated energy companies run by the state, from generation to the grid and distribution. And, you know, whilst, you know, in the West, like there are people debating, oh, is renewables better? Is, you know, oil and gas better? You know, then there's like, it's becoming like a very political thing. In China, they build everything. In China, they deploy more solar than the all Western economies combined. In China, they deployed more gas, more coal, more grid. They've laid more cables of grid than all Western economies combined. So they're just building everything. Like clearly, they understand the importance of energy costs and they're just building everything. I think that's a, yeah, motto economy we should follow for energy policy. Do you stand by the belief that, yeah, we're all in the same WhatsApp groups and everyone says, ah, but the level of talent coming out of Imperial and Cambridge and Oxford, absolutely we can parallel the U.S. Do you stand by that on talent levels in the U.K.? I think talent levels in the U.K. is good. Like ultimately, higher education. Like I personally receive higher education in the U.K. I think it's world-class and ultimately this is the key ingredient to build anything successful. Although I'm short-term, I'm bearish on the U.K. but long-term, I'm bullish. What makes you bearish right now in the U.K.? Current government's heading in the wrong direction. We need deep deregulation. So it's easier to build and there's a lot of talk about growth but there's just talk and no action. Respectfully, I don't know how you can be bearish in the short-term and bullish in the long-term. Like when you look at the kind of cyclical, structural decline that we're heading into, that is multi-decade actually and it's very difficult to reverse out of. So with respect, I don't know how you can be long-term bullish but short-term bearish. I think a lot of people with common sense are realizing we're in a bad situation. What makes me optimistic is because when I speak to people, there is some common sense. Hopefully those people with common sense will elect a more sensible government in the future that will do the right thing. With respect, do you think that's actually a fair assessment though? I mean, right now it looks like Nigel Farage and reform will be that government. And actually when you look at populace and the U.K. populace, transparently it's not the intellectual Matt Clifford that is the average person on the street. I think what's key is the next government, because ultimately I think deregulation is, you just need a will, like a very, very strong will to do it. As long as the following governments can attract a top team around them and being advised the right regulations to look at and the delete or reform, I think we could do it. Do you feel you have a political party home today? I feel kind of politically lost, if I'm honest, which is like it used to be a kind of conservative. Now I don't feel any particular allegiance to conservatives under Kami, to be honest, but I don't feel particularly strong belief in Nigel Farage and reform. I think labor is terrible, but I don't feel like I have a political home like I used to. I want to make sure there are people who are competent to lead the country, right? I want to make sure the most competent individuals are leading the country regardless of party. Who would you most like to see? Matt Clifford is a pretty good choice. I'm probably in the same camp as you for now. We said about talent in the U.K. One thing that's always very hard with talent is detecting it. And part of that is the interview process. And you helped me, again, hire my chief of staff even. When you look at green flags in interview processes that excite you, what are some of the best signals that one can give in an interview process? Basically, when I explain to the candidate about what we're trying to build a fuse, ambitions, how we want to be a number one energy company in the world, the hard work that requires to build it, like what I usually see is like the body language, right? As well as the facial expression, like are they leaning in or they're leaning out? And you want to be hiring people who are leaning in. I don't like bounces either. You know, when you look at someone's CV and it's like one year, one year, one year, one year. That's also not great. Anything else where you're like, not great? Fluffy CVs for me. Like, okay, you're hiring a marketing manager. I want to see, I increased MQLs by 38%. I did that through these three core channels. I learned this about Facebook advertising, but then it's saturated when we hit X band. I'm like, ooh, very detailed. Like clear attribution-led data. I'll say very long CVs is bad. Yeah, I think it should be maximum page. Like if Elon Musk can fill, put a CV in one page, so could you. Yeah, it reminds me of like, you know, like your first ever CV, right? And you're trying to fill the page and you couldn't think of anything to put and you're like, put your like special skills like Microsoft Word. It's got that type of vibe, right? Professional tiddlywinks player, other hobbies, skiing, art, I fucking hate art. I totally agree with you. Okay, so we have that. How do you structure your hiring process? I'm always looking to be better at hiring. How do you structure it? And what would be your biggest advice to me on how I should optimize mine? Yeah, I think first define the skills that you need, right? So for example, for a software engineer, it could be coding skills, system design, problem solving, and as well as culture fit. So we basically find, okay, who is the best coder in the company? Who is the best assistant design? And then we assign those people to assess those skills individually. And then at the end of the process, they kind of gets a grade, right, for every single step. If they above a certain threshold, then we offer, and that's also how we decide on how much we offer, right? So as a company, we don't actually use any comp bands. We simply look at the grades, and the higher the grade, the higher bid, because ultimately we're buying skills. Wow, sorry, this is really interesting. So you will essentially say, okay, we are looking for a software engineer, and we need, I don't know, you choose your language, whatever we're going for. We need X language, and then you will rank them out of 10 on that one core skill, and then you will assign them a salary as a result for them. Actually, we don't even look at language. So although our whole backend is in Python, we will hire any backend developer, even if they know nothing about Python. So it's a coding challenge in the language of their choice. It's system design, which is about how you architect the whole system. Problem solving, which is, have they successfully solved the problem in the past, whatever that is, as well as culture fit, right? And basically, if they get, let's say, straight A's in every single one, we bid a very, very high offer. Okay, they are a seven out of 10. Should you just not hire them? Like, should it not be like an all in, we should give them the top whack, or don't hire them at all? Yeah, so our threshold is, we will hire anything above a B. If you get straight B's, you'll still get an offer, but the offer will be much lower, and it could be below what you're making today. If you have a better offer elsewhere, like, good luck to you. Why would you do that? That feels like, to me, like in venture, you would say that's like a mech deal, like. Well, ultimately, to be fair, B is still pretty good. A is exceptional. So B is like, this is where the bar is, right? And I'll say, you can still be a very solid performer if you're a B. The difference between a straight B candidate and a straight A candidate is simply compensation. And for a straight A candidate, we have made offers that are much higher than what they make today. And even if we know that, that's okay, because we wanna make sure we're a no-brainer for you, such that you will never think about leaving. How fast do you know when someone's not very good? A month, two months. Do you pull the cord that quick? We always give them a verbal warning first. When you give a pip, does it ever actually get better? Well, we don't really have formal pips. I don't believe in pips. Why? I think it's a waste of time. Like, just give them warning, because most people we hire, they're already self-aware, right, of where they fall short. Even before we have the verbal warning, they kind of know they're falling short already. And yeah, basically, the formal warning is simply, look, we're giving you one more chance. If you don't improve, you're out. When you look back, when you made a mishire, what did you not see that you should have seen? I used to overvalue IQ. Didn't put enough weighting on deeply caring. Can you explain that? Yeah, so what you wanna do is hire someone who really deeply cares about the company and about the mission, right? Someone who would stay up late to fix this bug, or stay over the weekend to get this new feature shipped. Even if you hire someone very, very intelligent, where they just don't care, it's also not gonna work out. Is that not a game of luck in some ways? When you hire someone, you've never met them before, they're young, you have very little data on them. You don't actually know if they're gonna give it deal and work through Christmas to get that deal done, to get that project off the line. Is it not a game of luck? It's certainly not a game of luck. There are questions you can ask. So I usually pitch in about a company telling, okay, we wanna be a number one company, blah, blah, blah. I explain to them, look, you have many, many choices. You're obviously very, very talented engineer. You have many choices. You can work at any startup you want, any tech company you want. Are you really sure this is what you wanna do? It's gonna be very tough. There'll be tough times. You have to constantly balance between shipping new features, fixing bugs, improving scalability of the platform. Why do you wanna do this to yourself? Are you sure you wanna do this? And if they say, oh, I'm not sure, depends on the pay, blah, blah, blah. That means they're not up for it. But if they lean in and they tell you, okay, I've been so bored at my corporate job, this is something I've been looking for for a very long time, like I'm in, then you know, right? Now, obviously they can lie, right? But most, I'll say from my experience, they don't. Any big red flags around people and their title expectations? I wanna come in, but I wanna be ahead of product. Is that okay? Or is it a, no, no, no, come in and earn the right. Any lessons around title and how they feel about title? Yeah, we've never given a head of position to anyone we've hired. We've only given to it based on performance. In terms of internal promotion? Yes. Any on salary, where it's like, hey, listen, I'm being paid X at my current job. I need that to make this worth my time. Actually, for us, their expectations don't really matter. It's about their performance. Either interview performance or performance in the company. And we will pay you top of market if you perform very well. What non-obvious behavior do you not tolerate, even if they're really high performance? So I remember backwards when I was at Revolutes, I was explaining to Nick, I actually forgot what it was, but you know, I failed at something. And I was trying to explain to him why I failed. Then Nick sent me this article, right? It was about jobs. Explaining the difference between a janitor and a VP. So the story goes, if the janitor fails to collect the trash because their locks in the office was changed, jobs will say, okay, that's irritating, but that's acceptable because you're the janitor. Somewhere between a janitor and a VP, reasons stop mattering. So every single time when one of the leaders at Fuse explains to me why they failed and they couldn't hit certain goal, I sent him this article. So can you just help me understand what the takeaway from that is? It's like, you know what? It doesn't fucking matter why you failed. The point is you failed in the expansion. What do you take from that? Excuses don't matter? Excuses don't matter. If you're a leader of an area in the company, excuses don't matter. If you succeed, you get all the praise. If you fail, you get all the blame. And it does not matter why you failed. Do you worry that you're ever too harsh on people? I get told I am. I don't care about your excuses. I care about outcomes. And people say that I'm too harsh, I'm too direct. Do you worry? I don't care what they think. And you don't worry about them leaving because for my best performers, for your use, when Nick at Revolut is saying that to you, Nick should be terrified that you leave. You're a core part of that business. I want to protect you and look after you. And when you say, dude, there's a lot of reasons why, I don't know, Poland didn't work in the expansion and dah, dah, dah, dah. Okay, Alan, you're my guy. I'm here for you and thank you for explaining that to me. I want to protect my best performers. Well, I would say, I don't think that's protecting, right? That's just hiding information from your best performance, right? Ultimately, your best performers, like they're smart, they're hardworking. They're not dumb, right? And initially I took that feedback to heart and I was resisting at first. I thought it was unfair, right? But then I thought more about it and it made me a better person, right? So I thank him for sending me the article. What I found is like usually top performers internalizes negative feedback very well. They take negative feedback to heart and they find ways to improve. If there are people who don't take negative feedback well, I don't think they're top performers. What was the bit of feedback that you found most hard to take? You have to assume the person giving you negative feedback have the best intentions for you. And once you realize that and it's nothing personal, you can take all negative feedback. Even if it's very harsh. Was there a bit of feedback that you found the hardest to give? No, it's very important you have it. You create a culture of truth seeking and the truth is very ugly, might hurt someone's feelings. You should still say it because it will make that person better. Is there anything that you shouldn't say because it ultimately doesn't make them better? Well, if I keep giving negative feedback to a person and they haven't improved, then I just stop bothering. They can leave the company. Do you think there's a bit of a culture of fear around you? Like if you look, again, I love Nick and I think he's a phenomenal leader and one of the greatest founders I've ever interviewed ever. And I've done a thousand founder interviews. But I mean, that's not, I don't know whatever the right term, let's not shy away from it. People are scared of him. Is it bad to have a fear based leadership? What matters is people need to feel like they can speak the truth. And you do with Nick? Yes, I tell him if I think it's a bad idea, I tell Nick. Now he can disagree with me and sometimes I change his mind, sometimes I don't. But I do tell him the truth. What specific decision on product or strategy do you think moves the needle most with Revolut? Was there one, like we have to go into crypto. We have to go into stock trading. We have to do X country. We have to invest in X. No, because the answer is we need to do everything. Yeah, I think as we build a company, we realize there's so many opportunities and we just need to pursue all of them. That advice is completely counter what every founder is being told, that you need to focus, you need to create a product for a very specific customer base and you need to deliver that excellent experience and focus, focus, focus. There's so many shiny objects, you can't pursue them all. That advice is completely counter that. What would you say to them listening who are now confused? I actually think there are not enough ambitious founders out there. Because ultimately the fruit of the company, how many parallel work streams you can take at a given time is dictated by number of great leaders you have in the company. And the zero sum mindset would be, okay, I only have that many leaders in the company. In some cases, they could just be the founders themselves. Therefore, I'm just gonna pursue these things. The expansionist mindset would be, I need to hire more leaders in my company so I can pursue more. So I'll argue we're in the business of expanding things. So rather than you try and play the zero sum game, you should try and figure out ways to hire more leaders so you can pursue more. What does your direct report structure look like? Jensen has popularized having 50 and being so involved in the minutiae of a large amount of the business in terms of surface area. To what extent do you agree with that versus the delegate to fantastic leadership like you mentioned there in terms of increasing surface area? So I'd say, yeah, I think I've made direct reports. I don't know how many. I would probably lean towards what Jensen's doing because ultimately, I don't even think of them as direct reports. I think of them as going back to self-guiding missile analogy. You don't need to manage those people. You discuss and you debate about the target. But once you both agree on the target, then that's it. You don't really have to manage them. You just monitor and make things that are okay, but that's about it. Talking about monitoring and management, your offices are in Canary Wharf, not the obvious place for startups in London. Shortage, kind of most famous Silicon Roundabout. Why are you in Canary Wharf? So first of all, it's probably the only place in London where you can keep expanding offices, right? So you can keep upgrading office without incurring a big penalty and a lease. Second reason, it's far away from the party. You know, if you work around here, there's this thing going on this bar, right? Or this club, right? I think there's too much going on in West London. Too many distractions. Or it's in Canary Wharf, there's nothing going on. It's just work and nothing else. Do you not think that, like, I live here, but I'm fucking disciplined. I don't go to parties. I don't drink. I don't do anything but work and gym. Is that not the secret to being a great entrepreneur, discipline? I think so, but I'm talking about other people in the team. You know, if you see a full bar downstairs, I think you're tempted, right? You might, oh, I'm gonna, you know, pop down for a pint, right? Do you expect people to work weekends? Yeah, I'd say, like, as I said before, like, this is very hard. Like, there's only way to do it. Like, we're going against big, big, big energy companies with, like, huge balance sheets, you know, billions in revenue. Only way to win is with much more balance sheets, much less cash, much less resources is work ethic. And work ethic gets you a long way. In the early days, you built the MVP with just a million bucks, right, before any outside funding. Can you just talk to me about that and what you'd advise founders on MVPs in going to V1 with minimal resources, having done that? Yeah, so at the time, we wanted to build a full-stack energy company, and we're a million bucks. So what we need for full-stack energy company, we need power generation, we need a license, we need someone to help us guide for regulation, we need a qualified trader, so you need to be qualified to trade energy, and we also need a qualified electrician. So we found a single wind turbine in north of Scotland that the seller's willing to sell for 750K. We found a license for 75K. We convinced the former CEO of Ofgem to become an advisor with just equity and no cash. My co-founder, Charles, became a qualified trader and electrician. So we acquired all the skills and assets we need to build a MVP full-stack energy company. So my advice is, I don't think you need a lot of capital. You don't need a huge C round to get started. If you can, why don't you? There's so much venture money to say, dude. If you can, why don't you? I think you could. If you could, you should. But you could. Anyone would have written you, you could say, I'm doing a Fart app. I'll give you 10 million bucks. The disgraceful thing about you, Alan, is I would have given you money for almost anything, but, and this is like my biggest lesson and mistake. I listen to you and I just die inside, honestly. I do also remember, dude, you had the token element, which just, it was hard to digest. We chatted about when you were raising your first round and one of your investors said that I had to ask you, no it wasn't, it was actually Antoine, who said, is it true that you rocked up to Balderton with your Ferrari parked outside and then stroll in and say, I'm gonna raise a $60 million seed round? Yeah, there's some truth to that, yeah. How did it go down? I think it went pretty well. You raised 78 in the first round. Yeah, I think they really, really like the concept and I think what they realize is a pretty good strategy and I realized after a lot of their investments, because they made so much money from the Rebel investment, they just keep investing ex-Rebel teams. Is there anything that you would do differently about the early rounds of funding with the benefit of hindsight that you have today? Yeah, I think raise at too low price. Could you have raised it higher? Could have. Why didn't you? So we had a price in mind. What was the price? It was roughly where we were at, about 140 actually. We had an oral agreement with Balderton, we'll take the term sheet, but we haven't signed the term sheet yet. And then later there was another investor that came and said, I will offer you a higher term sheet. We said no, because we already agreed with Balderton, we'll take the term sheet. And you regret that? No, like I'll say, I regret saying yes, it's too early, because we could have raised it better terms. So what would you advise founders on the back of that? Like ultimately I'll say the, I underestimated the value of the company at the time, because I didn't realize, you know, investors would put such a high price on it. I'll say, wait for a bit longer. At the time it was like, effectively the second term sheet we had. By the same time, I believe like, if you say you're gonna do something, you should do it. And that's why we took Balderton's term sheet, even though we could have received a better one. You raised a recent round, 70 at five billion. That's often what's referred to as a suicide round, which is like a very high price with not actually that much money going into the business. Why is that a good round for the company? Yeah, so the company is doing over 400 million revenue, annualized revenue. 400 million? Yeah, and- When was day one revenue? What's that slope? So in terms of financial year, we increase our revenue 10x every year since inception. The first year was 2 million pounds. So about three, just south of $3 million. Second year was 20 pounds. So roughly 25, 26. And then this year we're gonna end at over 200 pounds. So yeah, roughly 260. You can't 10x again. We'll try. Where do you think you will land? If we mean you have a bet, okay, then we'll sit here next Christmas. I mean, our business plan is much less than 10x for next year. Is it 5x? Something around there, but we'll still shoot for 10. What would be the biggest barrier to you hitting a billion? There was one reason, what is it? I think it's speed of hiring quality engineering. That's the biggest barrier. It has no capital, it's quality engineering. Why do you like hiring Eastern European engineers? Because culturally, I think they favor technical education and they have very strong work ethic. With the success that you've had, dude, what have been your biggest reflections on how you think about your relationship to money? For me, obviously money's great, but beyond levels of personal consumption and I personally don't spend that much money. I think it becomes a means to an end. Can I be blunt and ask you, what is that level? And this is for me. I'm not sure what that is. I don't wanna be on the hedonic treadmill, but I do think about that. Honestly, I think anything, I'd say number's probably like five. Five, I think is enough. Do you remember when you made your first real money? I do remember, yeah. How did it feel? It felt surreal. My Revolut account went from no money and 1,000 eggs overnight. Did you sell much of your Revolut? No, only for personal consumption. I'm still very bullish in the company. How big can Revolut be? I often don't say publicly, it's like easily a $250 billion business without the US. With the US, it's a $500 billion business. I think of a trillion dollar company. Do you think he'll be able to crack the US? If someone's gonna do it, it's Niklai. At what price would you start to sell? Trillion. What does no one know about having money that people should know about having money? I think it buys you time. Actually buys you quite a bit time back. Where do you spend to save time? I think having an assistant helps you save a lot of time. Like, so you don't have to do, waste a lot of time doing a lot of the chores, travel. I think flying a coach just kills your, I think it just wastes two days. I think it's worth flying business. You know, you can work in the plane and not feel terrible, you know, the day after, right? You know, traveling better, eating better, and not wasting time on things outside of the business. You can buy a lot of time back. Does it change your relationship, personal relationships? Maybe for the better, right? So you stop thinking about price tags, which is good, right? You just go wherever you want, eat wherever you want. So I think it does help in a positive way, but yeah, but also then you need to think like who your friends truly are, right? Have you ever had that question? Luckily, all my existing friends have not changed how they treat me after some success, but I have had a lot of long time from, you know, people I went to school with. Dude, I want to ask you a quick fire answer. I say a short statement, you give me your immediate thoughts. So what investor do you not have that you would most like to have? One person. You. Do you know what's really hard about what I do? It's that I'm friends with the greatest founders. And in a lot of cases, like you've invested in Project Europe and I have the joys of like knowing you and it really is a joy. I'm like, what the fuck? Why am I not invested in these companies? I have this with like Matty at 11 Labs. I'm just like, oh. It almost happened too early for me. Does that make sense? It's like I became friends with these people and had the chance to invest when I was a kid and I didn't know what I was doing. And had I had that now, it would have been very different. But it is like, Ragnis in order of importance, luck, talent and timing. I think timing, talent, luck. Why timing first? I think if you get the timing wrong, even if you're the best team in the world, you're not going to make it. For example, I don't think Fuse could have been built 10 years ago. I think Fuse is only possible because of requirements of change, right? Because the renewable penetration, the grid is so high and the skills you need to, the ability to manage renewables is so different to how we used to generate and consume power. If you look at Revolut, Revolut was only possible because of the EMI license. And the EMI license was created just a couple of years before Revolut was founded. I don't think Revolut would be impossible 10 years before 2014. So I do think timing matters. And then the second thing is talent. Like I think these are two prerequisites. So if you have good timing, if you have good talent, I think luck will also come. What's been the hardest decision you've made in your career? Probably leaving Revolut. Did you want to stay to IPO? I do, I do. Like ultimately, like it's- Do you remember telling Nick? I remember. Can you just tell me that? It was a very, very hard moment. And he asked me, are you sure three times? And I said, I'm sure three times. Where were you? What time of day was it? How did you say? I think it was a Friday afternoon. It was actually the same meeting where you did a podcast with Nick. Wow. Yeah, it was that room. What did he say? Because respectfully, a lot of people have come and gone from Revolut. But you were his guy. Was he visibly shocked? I don't know. He has this emotionless reaction. Yeah, he just asked me, are you sure? Did he invest in Fuse? Yes, in the most recent round. In the most recent round? Is it still open? I can't believe it. I said this to Massey the other day. I said, I can't believe it. We're still not invested. I'm just paying any price. I'm just pissed off. That's amazing. You said downstairs, being CEO is not all it's cracked up to be. Why is it not all it's cracked up to be being CEO? I mean, I think they're pros and cons. I think a pros, like at Revolut, I can basically get to pick the role I wanted, right? The problems I wanted to solve. But now I give that opportunity to other leaders within the company. That means by definition, I don't get to choose the things I do. What are you not doing today that you would most like to be doing? I would love to go much deeper on engineering, on hardware, like going to very low level details. How big is the biggest incumbent in the space? So you have the power incumbents, then you have the big oil majors, right, incumbents. If you look at big oil majors like Shell, they make a billion revenue a day, approximately. How big can Fuse be? I think we could be bigger than Shell. How much is Shell worth? I think it's worth just enough of $300 billion. They're listed on the London Stock Exchange, so there's a, I think, a discount. How the fuck does that, I'm sorry, they do a billion in revenue a day, and they're worth less than their annual revenue then? I think if they were listed in the US, they'd probably be worth more. Would you list in the US? If we ever list, I think it would be the US, yeah. Would you list? I personally don't see a need to. There's a lot of liquidity in the private markets, and obviously there's additional overhead being a listed company. The only reason I see listing as a real need is if the liquidity dries up in the private markets. Do you let team members sell? Yeah. Revolut was very tight on any secondary sales. It was an incredibly guarded subject. Are you the same, or are you a little bit looser? Well, I'd say we do want to create liquidity opportunities for employee stockholders, and sometimes people need to buy a house, they need to buy a car, they need to, yeah. Some of the liquidity is helpful. Final one for you, dude. I like to end on a tone of positivity and optimism. What excites you most in the next 10 years? We love to build a world where power is so cheap and abundant that any builder, AI or otherwise, don't even think about power anymore, and they can just build more, and economies start growing again as a result. That'd be great. Alan, I so appreciate you. I think you're one of the great entrepreneurs in the UK. I'm going to pester you about investing, and I so appreciate our friendship, so thank you so much for doing this with me, dude. Oh, thanks for having me. But before we leave you today, as an investor, I'm always on the lookout for tools that really transform how I work, tools that don't just save time, but fundamentally change how I uncover insights. That's exactly what AlphaSense does. With the acquisition of Tegas, AlphaSense is now the ultimate research platform built for professionals who need insights they can trust, fast. I've used Tegas before for company deep dives right here on the podcast. It's been an incredible resource for expert insights, but now with AlphaSense leading the way, it combines those insights with premium content, top broker research, and cutting edge generative AI. The result, a platform that works like a supercharged junior analyst, delivering trusted insights and analysis on demand. AlphaSense has completely re-imagined fundamental research, helping you uncover opportunities from perspectives you didn't even know how they existed. It's faster, it's smarter, and it's built to give you the edge in every decision you make. 20 VC listeners don't miss your chance to try AlphaSense for free. Visit alphasense.com forward slash two zero to unlock your trial. That's alphasense.com forward slash two zero. After AlphaSense shows you what the market is signaling, Nexus helps you turn those signals into deals. Is your team using chat GPT? How about Gemini or Mid Journey? You probably don't know the full answer, and that's the danger of shadow AI. Every day your employees are feeding sensitive company data, code, and customer lists into, let's face it, public AI tools, creating a massive security and compliance blind spot. But you can't just block AI, you will kill productivity. That's why we recommend Nexus AI. Nexus AI gives you complete visibility and control over all AI use in your company. It lets you see every tool, block the risky ones, and most importantly, it places AI guardrails to automatically redact sensitive data before it leaves your network. It's a unified platform for secure, company-wide AI adoption and productivity. Tech leaders set policies and oversee usage. Business teams get the models they actually need. It's not about stopping innovation, it's about enabling it safely. Try nexus.ai yourself with a 14-day free trial at nexus.ai forward slash 20 VC. Our link is in the description. While Nexus helps you run faster across revenue workflows, Vanta makes sure your security and compliance can keep up. Security and compliance done wrong is a giant headache. Security and compliance done right, though? Well, that's Vanta. Vanta helps you earn trust and speed up growth. No spreadsheets required. For startups low on time and resources, Vanta becomes your first security hire, using AI and automation to get you compliant fast and unblock really big deals. And if you're big enterprises, Vanta is your AI-powered hub for compliance and risk, bringing together data from across your business and automating workflows so you can prove trust at any moment. Vanta scales with you at every stage. That's why top companies, from startups like Cursor to enterprises like Snowflake, choose Vanta. Do security and compliance right. My listeners can get $1,000 off Vanta by going to vanta.com forward slash two zero VC. That's vanta.com forward slash two zero VC for $1,000 off Vanta.

</details>
